# IPFS All Hands Call 2017-03-13

Recording 
* (second half) https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmQnE8nBvZdaMpsyEUXphtAu2xtnpmHGWxLbH1DQijxqPW


**Moderator:** @haadcode
**Notetaker:** ~~@hsanjuan~~ => ~~@diasdavid~~ => @hsanjuan
**Attendees** 
* @flyingzumwalt  
* @diasdavid
* @haadcode
* @lgierth
* @hsanjuan
* @flyingzumwalt
* @jbenet
* @keks
* @dgrisham
* @kubuxu
* Jay
* @VictorBjelkholm
* @whyrusleeping
* @tkorrison
* @sidharder
* @dignifiedquire

## Agenda

<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->
- ✔️ Start recording
- ✔️ Roll call, by [timezone from east to west](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md).
- ✔️ Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- daylight savings time switch incoming (@lgierth)
  - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/433


## Notes

### Daylight savings (@lgierth)

See https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/433. Switch incoming. In Germany it happens in two weeks. US already switched. We will switch to 16 UTC from next week for these meetings.


### DAG API video (@daviddias)

There is a new video on how to use this.
https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/tree/master/examples/dag
  - 6 demos
  - code
  - video

### Datatogether.org

Video from Matt giving a talk. https://youtu.be/xRuPShYelm4?t=3h7m40s

### JS-team

Close to having feature-parity to Go on datastore implementation.

### Retrospective -- oops we missed it.

Seems we forgot to have a retrospective for the lab-test sprint. Friday 17:30 UTC.





<!-- Add items above this line. Use this format:
  - Item (@your_name: @target_audience)
-->

- Demos

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->


# Delightful Documentation Sprint Launch
Sprint Members
lgirth
david
kubuxu
flyingzumwalt
whyrusleeping
hsanjuan
JayCarpenter

Discourse - To kill or not to kill
David: list out the action to get discourse to work
 - notify the community
 - We have never actively announced the communication channel
 - Discourse wil be our question/answer platform 
 - It's good at searching answers
 - Bring Stack Exchange into the conversation, Community can get points/gratification.
 - Feel that if we invest the time telling the community that issues on github, 80%
 - Discourse may be better than spending more effort on github.
 - Compile all ansers so they are easy to get to, saves time in the future.
Freidel: Docs page need a big button that points to discourse.
- If there are missing docs we need to have an obvious place for them to go.
- FAQ, questions can't be mixed, other communities host FAQ on there website
Mat: there are a number of ways to configure notifications
- discourse allows questions to be asked and decisions to be made
- Which do we want, hesitate to setup both Stack Overflow.
- The system is not designed for finding aswers to questions.
- We are using Github outside its normal use
- We need to keep the appropriate discussions in github, but there are other types of discussions that don't work so well on Github.
- Things that are getting missed currently will have a place to land.
- A place where contributors have an open channel.
Lars: - Agree that Stack Overflow is good
- FAQ and Support repo's overlap with this issue.
- Stack Exchange is good for questions.
- FAQ repo, content, 30% of the questions might get filtered , will not have control of how things stay around.
- Gihug issue give us the feeling that it is not yours.
Friedel: How hard is it to get sub domain listed?
- how much control will we have over it
- Stack exchange is good but not so much with community building
Juan: 
- Difference between asking and discussing.
- Discourse is better for asking.
- Asking and Discussing could lead to creation for the project.
- We Try to create the FAQ on github 
- Mailing lists cannot go away.
- There are people who will only use mailing lists.
- Discourse is meant to replace mailing lists
- There are reasons that people don't want to sign up for services like discourse.
- I probably won't use it too much.
- You can get an enormous volume of messages.
- Maybe a segment of people can be on Discourse.
- May have to anser questions twice.
- Discourse may give us more ability to build a community
- This will be alot more management.
- I don't think they are not using github issues because they don't like github.
- It's more of a protocol change for contributors to use github.
whyrusleeping
- FAQ, no matter what, go through and pick out the ideas we like and add them to the readme


https://github.com/ipfs/docs/milestone/1

[waffle board](https://waffle.io/ipfs/docs)
