## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @hsanjuan

#### Participants

- @daviddias
- @sidharder
- @kubuxu
- @FrankPetrilli
- @haad
- @victor
- @lgierth
- @dignifiedquire

## Agenda
<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

- https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/303#issuecomment-269958510



<!-- Add items here -->

## Notes

  - @friedel
    - It's sometimes hard to differentiate between js-ipfs vs libp2p in the sense of how we balance work between the two. 95% of decisions regarding libp2p happen because it's needed on IPFS. IPFS is the driving force as to what gets implemented in libp2p, and the rest usually doesn't happen.
  - @david:
    -  We made libp2p so other people could take advantage and contribute. However there's space to improve in how we make contributions easy (specs, website, tests) but we're moving forward. Other than that, it is true that ipfs is the major force behind what gets implemented in libp2p.
    - The divide between go and js-libp2p is still wide.
    - We need to seed libp2p out with more examples etc. and make sure we build a steady community around this effort.
  - @friedel:
    - We need to put more efforts on specs to reduce the gap between go and js. First write the specs. Then implement. 
  - @kubuxu: agrees
  - @david:
      - Need to come with better ways to create network protocols, perhaps coming up with specific language or a way to throw the same tests to both implementations.

----
  - @friedel:
      - Is it good to have the same waffle board for GO and JS. Board is overflowing.
  - @lgierth:
      - Also CPU intensive that it is so crowded
  - @kubuxu:
      - Separating libp2p langauge issues from protocol/spec issues that affect all languages.

----

  - **Takeaways**:
    - Need to reduce go<->js gap. Writing specs prior to implementations is good
    - Need to build a stronger community around libp2p which can be a driving force, otherwise it's just IPFS
    - Website is important. We need to give feedback to @victor. Make sure it conveys the message we want.
    - Regarding splitting waffle between protocol and language-specific issues, @kubuxu will open a issue to discuss it further.






<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->
