## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

- @dignifiedquire
- @diasdavid
- @em-ly
- @jbenet
- @victorbjelkholm
- @RichardLitt

## Agenda

- Review the current progress
  - Why are we two weeks behind schedule and what can we do about it
- js-ipfs-api dist size update (@dignifiedquire)
- network testing (@diasdavid)
- interface-ipfs-core testing using ipfs-api on top of the http-api
  - Only missing swarm and files, all the others are done
    - Swarm is blocked until pull-streams get merged https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/403
    - Files needs https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/323 to be rebased a finished (@ngginever)
  - It would be great to go ahead and make the spec + tests for bitswap. Making bitswap more robust
- Cancelables  https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/58
- CI + Code Coverage tests running in all repos.

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

Review of Milestones: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/ROADMAP.md#milestone-2---quality-and-correctness-of-the-javascript-implementation
  - The end of July was covering PubSub, IPLD, etc.
  - Things came up that needed to be discussed and added to the roadmap (more robust)
  - Testing can be a blocker, getting testing set up faster would allow the team to progress at a faster pace
  - @diginifiedquire wanted to bring it to attention so that we could reflect with what goes into planning, giving ourselves a buffer next time when planning estimations.
 

All the tests across all of the modules are passing tests 
- Except for websocket (@friedel can you add here?)
- Very close to having all the libp2p pass

Learning lesson: Changing a technology throughout a codebase is full of questions and things that you didn't know what was going to happen. It's a really hard thing to do, even if the change is small. Always assume that it's going to take longer, require a lot of debugging. Take this as a cautionary tale on the habit of adopting new shiny technologies.

 - Port js-ipfs to use Fetch to reduce the file size of js-ipfs file size
 successful so far with test passing in modern browsers (i.e. Chrome)
Chrome is the only one that implements proper streaming
Logtail is an ipfs-test that just hangs and sends data until you cancel it.
In some browsers you can't even cancel those tests, so you have to fall back on XHR (???)
This test version does reduce, with the change in multihashing, changes the size down by 50% (.5 mb)
Because we moved to fetch we can drop all of the crypto nodes. 


 - Cancelables 
- Getting an API in a way to do the context canceling thing that go-ipfs does? It's hard to do this in JS. We have all these interactions from a client or API, bitswamp tries to source blocks but the client disappears. It is not easy at all, we can hack it, but the hacking has a lot of checks and call backs hanging, so that they can be discarded after being fired.
-  https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/58

What we're doing this week:
 - Merging pull stream stuff
 - js-ipfs core more complete, adding the rest of the specs/API
 - running the core tests over ipfs api through the library, running the same tests through the core. (???)
 - @Voxalot HTTPI-API test work, need to follow up with him and what he's doing.
 - We need to do more test for if nodes fail in the network, that the other nodes aren't affected

IPLD
 - 2 hours that need to be changed to get the new CIDs, figure out the list of action items that need to get done.
 - Get the balance of priorities

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
