# IPFS All Hands Call October 24th

**Moderator:**  flyingzumwalt

**Notetaker:**  @em-ly <3

**Attendees** 
 - @flyingzumwalt
 - @dignifiedquire
 - @em-ly
 - @lgierth
 - @mateon1
 - @RichardLitt
 - @sidharder
 - @aaron keitai
 - @whyrusleeeping :zzz:
 - @Kubuxu

## Agenda

- Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

<!-- Add items here -->
- Better community forums - discourse.org? https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/69#issuecomment-255583867 (@flyingzumwalt)
- All Q4 Roadmaps on Github by Friday Oct 28th https://github.com/ipfs/pm/milestone/3 (@flyingzumwalt)
- Daylight Savings Time https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/231 
- Next Week: Halloween, Moderator, Notetaker

- Demos


- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
  * Moderator: ??
  * Notetaker:  Lars Gierth

## Notes

**Community Forums**

Q. For project lead @whyrusleeping: would having this be a good place to direct questions and discussion that people are generating in issues?
A. Yes! It would be great to have a designated place to conduct conversation separate from issues that are actual bugs/things relevant to working on the go-ipfs project.

Q. Concerns: Fragmenting the community, adding another place may not be the best path, adding yet another venue for conversation to take place (github, IRC, etc.)

A. Although fragmentation is an issue, our current model doesn't allow mapping across all of the various conversations that are taking 
arguably: adopting a community forum would lessen our current fragmentation (discussions happen across multiple github repositories)

Q. Implementation plan: How do we get this set up?
A. Let's follow up with the discourse community member who's responded in that issue to see what their suggestions are, given that they seem to be familiar with IPFS's structure and also with discourse.

Q. What will go on discourse?
A. This would be a location for discussion and questions that come in frequently, to help keep the issues that are generated in Github to just be tasks, bugs, things pertaining to the code base.

**All Q4 Roadmaps on Github by Friday Oct 28th!**

**Daylight Savings Time**
 The schedule will stay loyal to UTC, at least through all of the Daylight Saving Times changes (Europe is Oct 31st, USA is Nov 6th), and we will revisit adjusting the schedule after all time changes have occurred.
 There were two motions to moving the meetings to an hour later to accommodate contributor's schedules.

**Next Week:** Halloween Call! Costume contest, bring your scariest face.

#### Demos
@whyrusleeping moved a cat from IPLD to IPFS
