## go-ipfs

#### Lead: @whyrusleeping
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

- @whyrusleeping
- @em-ly
- @flyingzumwalt
- @diasdavid
- @hsanjuan
- @dignifiedquire
- @keks
- @kevina
- @sidhardher
- @daviddias

## Agenda

- Merge stuff.
- Discussion forthcoming (after calls) about buffer (?)
- Going through the Milestones: https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/milestones



## Notes

- Ability to add files with raw leaves. When you add a large file, the leaf nodes are 256k, which doesn't take up extra space, which is exciting
- kevina is working on the performance of the datastore-query, which will help us a lot.
    - Will help us run `ipfs repo gc` without taking ages
    - Will make ipfs- (something) a lot quicker
    - Right now, gc every hour is very expensive. It is hard to run ipfs on a 1gb VPS, because every hour it will crash out of memory because of this inefficiency. The datastore-query will be fixed soon, which will be exciting. 
- Core API Update from @lgierth
    - Not much changed from last week
    - PR should be ready now, and got another one coming. The current one addresses get, add, and post on the gateway - the second one coming for put and delete. gateway can be extracted then. 
    - Still in review.
- Directory sharding:
    - Code is there. Looking for a review of the code involved. Datastructure; if anyone would love to review this, would be great!
- Kevina:
    - Last week working on improving the filestore. 
    - https://github.com/ipfs-filestore/go-ipfs/issues/12
- Resource consumption
    - Reduce idle bandwidth usage; most critical thing we have at this point.
    - High priority: smart connection closing -- this will help the most with bitswap's bandwidth usage
    - Reduce memory usage: not high priority right now
- Developer UX
  - readmes for everything, examples, CI, tutorials, blog posts, tooling
  - not just for go-ipfs itself, but also for all the packages
  - money quote: "we want to make sure that people can use ipfs to build things"
  - this week: flesh out concrete issues
- Waffle board
  - a bit out of date
  - the go-ipfs hangouts might be less repetitive if we don't structure them around the GH milestones, but instead the waffle board
  - roadmap-generator idea: links to waffle board filtered by the individual milestones
  - waffle makes issues triage easier because it nicely groups issues

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue

