# IPFS All Hands Call 27 August 2018

-   **Moderator:** David Dias (@diasdavid)
-   **Notetaker:** Jacob Heun
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@jacobheun_
    -   _@warpfork_
    -   _@lidel_
    -   _@nala_
    -   _@mkg20001_
    -   _@jaycarpenter_
    -   _@hacdias_
    -   _@stebalien_
    -   _@hsanjuan_
    -   _@jamiew_

## Moderator checklist

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   @johnnycrunch: 1.11 go you can compile to webassembly! Might be able to get a quick demo together before the end. Nevermind, will talk about it during the go meeting later today.
    -   The go meeting is focused on dev efforts, this would be a great place to do this kind of demo. If we can’t today, we can follow up next week.
    -   What does this mean for the project? Doesn’t have to be answered right now, just curious what this means for the big picture.
        -   Doesn’t have full featured access, just released last week.
        -   Go ported their runtime to web assembly, so it will be a bit slower

## Demos

_Show your work!_

-   _@lidel, 5min, Enable DNSLink by default, Support for X-Ipfs-Path header_
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/pull/558>
        -   Just finished some tests before this meeting and pushed the ^ PR.
        -   Introduces an optimization of looking at the response headers to understand that the HTTP Server is a Gateway. If the header is detected, we stop reading data and redirect to IPFS
        -   Hopefully released to Beta Channel this week or maybe next week
        -   Automatic fallback to IPFS if your http server goes offline
        -   We can recover from http timeouts
        
-   _@hacdias, 5mins, IPFS Desktop with JS-IPFS and external nodes_
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-desktop/pull/651>
    -   The updates will allow IPFS Desktop to pick between go, js or remote nodes.
    -   It would be great if we could switch in between nodes, instead of restarting to switch how the nodes are used
        -   Good idea, we can look at this after we work on updates for web ui
    -   ETA for the new web ui? This quarter…?

## Q&A, Help Wanted

_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

-   If you’re not using IPFS Desktop or IPFS Companion you should get them and start using them!
    -   <https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-desktop/releases>
    -   https&#x3A;//github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion#ipfs-companion

-   Does someone want to take the roll on being the lead on the call for next month?
    -   Molly tentatively volunteers and would appreciate help getting up to speed :)
