# IPFS All Hands Call 10 September 2018

-   **Moderator:** @Mr0grog
-   **Notetaker:** @jacobheun
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@Mr0grog_
    -   _@vmx_
    -   _@stebalien_
    -   _@steverichmond_
    -   _@jacobheun_
    -   _@lidel_
    -   _@jonnycrunch_
    -   _@djdv_
    -   _@eingenito_
    -   _@jaycarpenter_

  


**No recording this week; nobody from Protocol Labs with recording permissions was present.**

## Agenda

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   @lidel: IPFS Translation Project is live!<https://www.transifex.com/ipfs/public/> 

    -   Crowdsourcing translations from IPFS Community
    -   Everyone can join using github account!
    -   Missing language? Join and request it via Transifex
    -   More info:<https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-gui/issues/50> 

-   (_@steverichmond_) \[if time - last topic] Q4 Planning on 26 Sept -[call schedule is here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12XAFO6xjSwTanfYvZCKKBdwrxpNwRjBdDLIMWBKfgvU/edit#gid=0).
-   Brief Intros: Erik I. and Michael A. and Hannah!

    -   Erik and Michael worked with Steven and Jeremy a bit last week on the go-ipfs side and will be working on tackling sharded directory listing.

## Demos

_Show your work!_

-   @jacobheun - Delegated routing support in js-libp2p via go-ipfs

    -   Big push this quarter on delegated routing and peer routing
    -   Want to be able to point to another node over HTTP and get all content that way
    -   Basically, we’re delegating to another IPFS node’s DHT instead of using our own
    -   This depends on a branch to open up the DHT endpoints in go-ipfs, but that’s not merged yet. We need to add this as a configuration option so that we don’t open every node up to having its dht queried.
    -   Currently findprovider requests can take a while for new content (as much as 30+ minutes). The default request is for at least 20 providers. Since new content needs to propagate through the network, this can take quite a bit of time.
    -   @mgoelzer: Is the PR in Go adding support for JS and Go DHTs to interoperate somehow, or should that work fine today? (I was trying to write some JS and Go code that talk to each other and was having problems.)

        -   @jacobheun: It should work fine today, so you are probably hitting something else

    -   @jonnycrunch: What’s the meaningful difference between this and the current implementation? Why?

        -   @jacobheun: This means you don’t have to run the DHT in your local IPFS node — and the DHT is_really_ expensive to run

    -   Is there a link to the issue/pr for this?

        -   The current PR for the integration into js-libp2p is here<https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/242>. Just need to add docs and a link to the example.
        -   The routing modules are released:

            -   Peer Routing:<https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-delegated-peer-routing>
            -   Content Routing:<https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-delegated-content-routing>

  


## Q&A, Help Wanted

_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._
