# IPFS All Hands Call September 19th

**Moderator:**  @RichardLitt

**Notetaker:**  @em-ly

**Attendees** 
- @dignifiedquire
- @Kubuxu
- @RichardLitt
- @em-ly
- @lgierth
- @victorbjelkholm
- @flyingzumwalt


## Agenda

- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

- check in about conducting project calls (@flyingzumwalt)
- devcon live streams? (@lgierth)
- moving IPLD meeting 30 mins after

- Demos
- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @lgierth
 * Notetaker: @Kubuxu


## Notes:
- Project Call check-in: With the project leads in Shanghai at DEVCON2, we'll be having alternative project leads for each of the meetings. This is a check in with each of the members of the call who will be taking over.
go-ipfs - @kubuxu
js-ipfs - @dignifiedquire
libp2p - @dignifiedquire
IPLD - still @nicola \o/

@flyingzumwalt: These calls should have a great rotation of leaders during the meaning, especially being an open source project. Contributing members should all be able to take place at the helm for the meetings.

 - Q: Do we have live streams of the event?
 A: They don't have enough bandwidth, and have connectivity issues and so they're not able to stream the conference.

- Q: Is there already ongoing work on a decentralized web manifesto? (@flyinzumwalt)
A: Doesn't ring a bell for anyone, @flyingzumwalt will post on Github to see if anyone knows.


## Demo Call
@Kubuxu demo - worked on reducing the number of threads that IPFS uses. https://github.com/jbenet/go-reuseport/pull/16

@lgierth demo - one of our Q3 goals was to get one of the IPFS related websites hosted with IPNS, and now both the new IPLD and multiformats websites are live! Implemented metrics to track performance.
ipld.io - need to work on IPNS, we can't tell how long the load time actually is because the metrics are timing out before completing the load. Some issues with timing out. Everyone once a minute when the cache expires we see a pattern of it timing out.
Related issue: https://github.com/ipfs/specs/issues/74

@RichardLitt - Libp2p website lookin' all fancy! Lots of great documentation (specs) \o/
- how much CPU time does the header image take? :P (@lgierth)
- we'll see! look into optional toggle button for 
