## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @dignifiedquire
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants
- @dignifiedquire
- @victorbjelkholm
- @flyingzumwalt
- @em-ly
- @RichardLitt

## Agenda

Waffle: https://waffle.io/ipfs/js-ipfs

## Notes

Reviewing what's been done:
 - Running better tests on the same interface as js-ipfs API
 - Cleanup and fixes on libp2p api, small improvements here and there. This week and last week the theme is fixing tests to make sure things work all the time and not just some of the time. Trying to go through those edge cases to test the edge cases and fix what we find there.
 - Merged PR with  Kevin git - most of them are fixed now. You can use js-ipfs to properly interact with files with go-ipfs.
 - interop with go: first pull request merged after the last sprints, in bitswap there were some minor fixes. 

A note on reviewing issues: we dont have to go through each individual ones, instead give an over view of what's happening and have people give updates on what they're working on specifically.

Update from Victor:
  - moved js-apr to interface ipfs-core
  - during this week he will work on the DHT tasks, fixing minor bugs in general.

Tests
 - not only checking the output but also check that the files have the content.

Milestone 2 Update:
  - Side note on milestones tracking in Waffle: there's an issue with being able to track issues as they relate to milestones because labels are dropped when they move from one column to ther other.
  - @flyingzumwalt is going to address this issue and come up with an alternative presentation for tracking milestones.
  - Some things are on hold as @diasdavid is at DEVCON2 this week.
  - Interop will get into CI when the team is back!
  - "Cancelable requests AKA Context" HELP WANTED! Needs research to figure out. https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/58
  - API Updates: As @victorbjelkholm said, he's going to be working on DHT soon 
  - protobuf error: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/300
