## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @victorbjelkholm

#### Participants

@daviddias
@richardlitt
@dignifiedquire
@flyingzumwalt
@em-ly
@victorbjelkholm

## Agenda

- Update:
  - We can dial to go-ipfs nodes now
  - PubSub is on its way
  - Interface-ipfs-core files tests over ipfs-api are passing!

- Let's look at Waffle - https://waffle.io/ipfs/js-ipfs

- Big focus for this week
  - Expose a good pubsub client in js-ipfs-api
  - Complete JS PubSub implementation
  - Get bitswap interop https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/17

- Other things
  - Transpilation is annoying and slow, can we just go with a set of current LTS supported featured?
  - Retrospectives on pull-streams
  - 4. Review changelog generation and commit messages, from: https://github.com/dignifiedquire/aegir/issues/30 (@dignifiedquire)
    - Take a look at this; we've started using it across js- and libp2p- repos.
    - @diasdavid proposed this as an agenda item. <- for js-ipfs :)
    - We will need a bot to function as a commit checker. GitCop is a bit aggressive, so we're discussing ways of making it better.
    - Will we be using commit messages to autogenerate changelogs in all projects? @flyingzumwalt

      - Yes, in js- projects. We'll need a lot to do licensing checking. We'll need to do this for go-ipfs, too.

      - In go-ipfs, would be great to have at least a skeleton of a changelog. That would be a huge help. @lgierth 


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

- spdy implementation was nice, against themselves before and now between each other as well, FIXED ( https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-spdy )

- get/add/cat tests are passing in js-ipfs in the http api, good for interop - get go-ipfs tests to run over js-ipfs

- get pubsub to work in both go and js-land, go-ipfs have pub/sub in branch, pubsub have timecache, keep it for 30 seconds and suppress repeated packets
- need to finish publish/subscribe and moar tests! Looking good so far
- get pub/sub to work with Orbit.
- pubsub notes here = {@daviddias fill this out}

- Big focuses include finishes pub/sub, get bitswap interop, have topic-descriptor, prevent outside clients to publish to your topic

- waffle walkthrough
- streams vs having strings as response for js-ipfs-api subscribe
- working on the process management stuff
- have inbox < everything that gets added
- backlog < decided that we're gonna work on this, can be become a priority and meant for later

- Loking at fixing cli cat
- benchmarks moving forward
- interface-ipfs-core PR is getting merged today
- interopt tests for libp2p-ipfs js/go
- cancelable requests < bikeshedding needed
- sharness tests, chriscool started, haven't finished yet, not sure


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue

