# js-ipfs 08 August 2016

Welcome! Note: please add your name to etherpad on the right --------------->

**Moderator:** David Dias (@diasdavid)

**Notetaker:**  @em-ly

**Attendees** 
  * Matt Zumwalt (@flyingzumwalt)
 - @em-ly
 - @diasdavid
 - @dignifiedquire
 - @claus
 - @haadcode

## Agenda



## Notes

Happenings:
 - On track for milestone 2
 - First milestone: Quality and Correctness
 - @dignifiedquire has started working on prototype with pull-stream
   - https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/362
 - putting the pipeline from swarm to TPC
 - testing that problems can be solved by post streams
- two modules left for testing
 - "Modern" JS streams

- New guidelines for project
- moving a very fast pace implementing features
- not always  a way to communicate changes
 - we've started (1) git convention (inspired by other conventions)
 - Adding to our release tool that when we release we can grab these conventions and people can read about what's been changed.
 - pseudo bike shedding
 - Make sure that we have a standardized way of approving commits
 - scripts like this already exist (ex Commit Conventional Change Log)
 - need the CI test
 - need to update modules which already have test, need to add check for convention message. (will be discussed in GitHub)
- https://github.com/dignifiedquire/aegir/issues/30

 - Opened the discussion for optimizing JS-IPFS
 Objectives decided based off of IPFS workshop:
 - Making operations faster
 - Reducing overhead, reducing the size of the bundle
 - Bunch of issues identified in each issue, processed in order/priority that was already established.
 - listed here: https://waffle.io/ipfs/js-ipfs

Problem with current modules:
 - Not maintained very well
 - PR opened that moves the whole CLI to _______
 - New proposal needs review but is probably ready to merge

Fun new update: You could not get requests from JS-IPFS, now because we support that on JS-IPFS it is also supported on JS-IPFS API.
 - Currently being tested, should be merged in the near future.

Q&A
 - Does the waffle board make sense, is it a good idea to use the Waffle board to direct conversations
 A: JS-IPFS is well organized compared to others on the IPFS product board, lots of clear GitHub communication. There are usually a few more people who join the call who are not on the call tonight, but each person knows what they're working on and syncs over Github on a regular basis.

- Should the call be used to review status updates or to dig into the issues that need to be solved next week?
A: Definitely should be included in the call, as part of the call. Possibly limit the review/overview to 5 minutes and spend the rest of the time on upcoming work/open tickets.

**Observations about Waffle Board**
* Waffle board does not give a good sense of time or velocity. ie. How many issues were done this week?
* The list of issues is so long that it's hard to get a sense of what's happening without reading all of the issues in every column.

Feeling a sense of progress in the work you do is really important for people being happy with their work!
Would be really nice to have a graph-like view or a tree view of the issues & milestones so you can see a wholistic view of the project. A tree would be a more accurate reflection of the real structure of this information. It's useful to be able to look at these trees all at once and over time.

## Action Items
