## IPLD

#### Lead: @nicola
#### Notetaker: @dignifiedquire

#### Participants

- @nicola
- @richardlitt
- @diasdavid
- @whyrusleeping
- @haadcode
- @hsanjuan
- @em-ly
- @kubuxu

## Agenda

- Roadmap https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/129
- Agreed https://github.com/ipld/specs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22needs+spec%22
- To be discussed https://github.com/ipld/specs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Adiscussion


## Notes

### Review of the quarter by @nicola

- List of things that were agreed on in this quarter: https://github.com/ipld/specs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22needs+spec%22
- Nicola is working on an IPLD paper. Public update is coming soon
- New IPLD spec is coming. Things that were discussed and agreed on will be on. In addition the CID changes, but needs finalization first
- Need to sync with @diasdavid and the new work that happened in Shanghai
- First simple version is there. Second version is being implemented by @richardlitt currently.

### Update from @diasdavid

- Missing piece: IPLD format spec
- First version was IPLD cbor binary, which is now called dag-cbor
- Instead of forcing everyone to use dag-cbor, require only a way to read into the merkle dag structures
- Two primitives are required
  - `.tree`, like `ls` but for merkle trees. This needs to be implemented for individual structures, i.e. protobuf, cbor, bitcoin, ..
  - `.resolve(block, path)`, resolves this path and returns the value or a link + partial path
    - CID path -> check the multicodec -> check the first block
    - use the appropriate resolver for the type
    - if value return value
    - if link that is not resolvable in this type, return the link + the rest of the path that was not resolved
- Things added are IPLD format and revamped multicodecs. So there are now multicodecs for IPLD formats.
- What happens if you run an IPFS node which does not have the latest version of multicodecs, so does not know how to resolve some formats. This can bubble up to the application  
- Question (@nicola): Do I need to register a custom multicodec for a custom format?
- Answer (@diasdavid): Yes, for a global understanding, no for just local applications. 
- Question (@nicola): Two different types of resolvers 1. parsers, 2. transformers?
- Answer (@diasdavid): Still on the same page, let's call them by this name.
- @nicola: process for adding formats
- @diasdavid: Yes we need to plan on how to do add multicodecs & parser resolvers. For transformations everyone should be able to do this as they want to 

--- Nicola drops out :(
