## IPLD

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @flyingzumwalt

#### Participants

- @flyingzumwalt
- @victorbjelkholm
- @diasdavid
- @whyrusleeping
- @RichardLitt
- @nicolagreco

## Agenda

- ipld website < Milestone here https://github.com/ipld/website/milestone/1
- ipld playground
- CID spec - When it becomes a spec, right now it is a issue that says experimental
- interface-ipld-format
  - are we adding a method for patch?
- dag API
- Scheduling: Can we bump IPLD off the Monday schedule to make room for the orbit/apps call?

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

### Implementation Effort
Implementation effort going on (in JS and GO)

### Website
Website work is proceeding. Notes are ???. Goals
- https://github.com/ipld/website/issues/14 < suggested website structure


### Roadmap
Need to finish setting up milestones and generating a Roadmap doc for IPLD
This will be useful for aligning the implementation work with the IPLD spec and website work.

### IPLD Playground
Will not be included in first iteration of the website but Aiming to still have this on the website by end of Q4

This is really important for quickly detecting problems with implementation.

Most of this work will be carried by @victorbjelkholm

### - CID spec -
When it becomes a spec, right now it is a issue that says experimental

The documentation says this is experimental, but it's way more stable than that implies. It's already implemented in branches of go-ipfs and js-ipfs

*This will be added to the IPLD roadmap.* There is a milestone for publishing a spec for both IPLD and CID.

[] Don't need a full RFC. Just need a clear explanation of "what is CID" -- the rationale, what motivated it, how CID was designed, etc.

### interface-ipld-format and API primitives for patches

@diasdavid built some of this

Are we adding an API method for patches? This was proposed. It would be a very powerful DAG interface. for example it would provide techniques for caching & flushing objects in the DAG

Examples: 
    1. IPFS files api writes to a bunch of directories and needs to flush those changes to the DAG
    2. Ethereum: need a way to change a state tree, commit the new state tree, and revert to the previous state tree if necessary
    
    Currently both of these use cases involve writing code that directly manipulates the DAG in elaborate/complicated ways. It would be great to offer primitives that make this simpler.

TODO: Create an issue for this. (@diasdavid)

.tree 
@kumavis points out that we might want have a simpler option for .tree that returns only the paths, not the values [???]

### DAG API

go-ipfs and js-ipfs both have IPLD implementations  now. We should review the API interfaces to these two DAG api implementations for consistency.

Branches where these implementations exist:
    * js-ipfs: 
    * go-ipfs: it's on master ( 
    git clone github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs
    cd go-ipfs && make install
    ipfs dag --help

### Scheduling:

Suggestion: Move IPLD call to Friday, next to the research call.

Possiblility: Move IPLD implementation topics into the js-ipfs and go-ipfs calls
 - Those two calls are already very full.
 - ok to cover implementation issues, but other topics like spec and website should be discussed outside the js/go calls


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue

