## go-ipfs

#### Lead: @whyrusleeping

#### Participants

- @em-ly
- @jbenet
- @whyrusleeping
- @dignifiedquire
- @flyingzumwalt
- @haadcode
- @diasdavid
- @RichardLitt

## Agenda

- 0.4.3 update
Release candidate 3 is out. Looks pretty solid. Need clarification from @jbenet on what he wants tested
- js-go interop update
First level of multistream changes in progress. Need feedback on 'matching function' code (not sure how to do this efficiently)
- Code Coverage update
kuba has three PRs open for improving go-ipfs packages. I've pushed a few libp2p coverage improvements as well.
I've also started writing a 'failstore' to randomly return out of file descriptor errors so we can test the systems performance under resource constrained environments.
- Wrote a captains log update: https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/2247#issuecomment-238675394
- Worked on buffering outgoing messages in both multistream and secio.
   - In go multistream each multistream was six separate TCP packets.
    ```
    <length>
    /multistream/1.0.0
    <newline>
    <length>
    /bitswap/1.0.0
    <newline>
    ```
    This is now buffered into a single packet. (for the 'lazy' writer) and two packets for the interactive writer.
  - Secio currently sends two packets for every outgoing write, the length and the data.
    I've made a small change to the buffering to make this be a single write.
On this topic, secio is very inefficient. Every write appends a hash to the message. Even small writes from higher up in the stack will have a 4 byte length prefix and a 32 byte hash appended.
    I think the switch to TLS1.3 should be considered sooner rather than later

- This week:
  - go-multibase
  - go-multicodec-packed
  - go-cid
  - Need specs (or at least initial tables) for first two, go-cid depends on them both

## Notes

**Author:** @dignifiedquire

### Review of the last week

- Released go-ipfs 0.4.3-rc.3
- What are the test requirements before release (from @whyrusleeping to @jbenet)
- Ensure no tests are changed, good tests for new features, no breaking changes as much as possible (@jbenet) 
- When will the review from @jbenet happen?
- @jbenet wants to make time for this, this week.
- Java-api issues from @kubuxu due to very specific handling
  - ndjson parsing was very specific
  - there are changes to this 
  - these specific issues should be easier once we have the official http-api-spec
- How to communicate & handle (breaking) changes? (@diasdavid)
  - Should we wait until all the client libraries are updated?
  - If they are failing before & after, file an issue
  - If they start failing, file an issue and start a discussion (investigate if possible)
  - Try making sure everyone updated before the official release (@jbenet)
  - DO NOT BREAK, UNLESS YOU MUST (@jbenet) 
  - try developing general guidelines/policy on this (@jbenet)
  - Client libraries should let users know what the minimum version is, this should reference the http-api-spec
  - Test & notify api authors on the first rc (@dignifiedquire)
- multistream updates (@diasdavid)
  - better names
  - select from different versions
  - matching function passed into the multistream router
    - Issue: performance of always 
    - Usually cheapish matches like standard semver check (@diasdavid)
    - Ref to node.js & express (netflix blog post: http://techblog.netflix.com/2014/11/nodejs-in-flames.html 
    - Hard to build a general solution for arbitrary amounts of protocols  (@whyrusleeping)
    - Don't regexp, write benchmarks (@jbenet)
- How to do interop tests with the non existing ipfs binaries (@diasdavid)
  - special build from @whyrusleeping
  - build on CI & add to gx (@diasdavid)?
  - TODO: move this to an issue
-  code coverage (@whyrusleeping)
  - some progress on go-ipfs (3 PRs by @kubuxu on ipfs)
  - some work on libp2p by @whyrusleeping
  - file descriptior issue generator by @whyrusleeping
- New captain log by @whyrusleeping: https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/2247#issuecomment-238675394
- Many tcp packets (@whyrusleeping)
  - mostly because of secio and multistream
   - issue: 

### Work this week

- go-multibase
- go-multicodec-packed
- Specs done for multibase, multicodec-packed, cid by the end of next week (@jbenet
- @jbenet will do multibase or multicodec-packed first this week so @whyrusleeping can start work on this
- have a discussion about landing/review/changes on go-ipld (@jbenet)





