## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @gavinmcdermott

#### Participants

- n/a

## Agenda
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- Waffle Time with quick time check in

- libp2p/xtp interfaces (@jbenet)
    - revisit libp2p transport interfaces
    - make sure libp2p/xtp transport interfaces make sense
    - need to go through them with @whyrusleeping @diasdavid @lgierth
- /ipfs/ -> /p2p/ multiaddr switch (@jbenet)
    - need a discussion on this
- unreliable crypto channels (@lgierth)
- libp2p webite? (@jbenet)
- libp2p demos? (@jbenet)
- libp2p testing network? (@jbenet)

## Notes
- @diasdavid is working on webrtc star signaling server
- @diasdavid is also working on multicast DNS
    - almost ready to land
    - PRs are up (links?)
- Bootstrap/Railing module is being worked on
    - Challenges currently exist with the discovery mechanism
- @lgierth has been looking into suitable crypto for datagrams; connecting with the Ethereum team for a whiteboard session
    - [An issue](https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/198) is open on github for dialogue on this
    - Meeting @keks, @fjl (ethcore), @dominictarr this week
- IPLD website is to serve as the foundation for the project; content is currently missing
    - Todo: conversations this week to be had based on notes from earlier in the year
- @jbenet looking for feedback on XTP
- @jbenet also looking for input on the multiaddr as IPFS moves to use libp2p
    - How does ipfs layer over libp2p?
    - What is the multiaddr format for carrying multiple ipfs instances over a single libp2p instance?
    - @jbenet to follow up in a GH issue
- pnet - waiting for (blocking) update from @jbenet - Kubuxu's notes: https://hackmd.io/BwIwJgzCBsDsEFpYEYzIQFgJzQEwKxAFYBTBAQwxIAYRZcNlgIig
    - (Github issue link to follow here?)
- floodsub to land this week
    - CLI tests are the only ones remaining to fix; core/http are passing
- Discussion regarding column meanings in Waffle.io:
    - **Tag: Backlog**: These are generally all the things we want to work on
    - **Tag: Ready**: These items are ready to be worked on. It is unblocked and open for community to contribute.
    - **Tag: In progress**: A specific person is actively working on this item.
    - If you become blocked on an 'in-progress' item by a particular person, please move it into the 'ready' column
    - **Please do not** jump into an issue that is tagged with someone's handle (unless you've talked to them)
    - @diasdavid: Open ask to the community for feedback so we can converge on the meaning of the columns
