## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

- @diasdavid
- @dignifiedquire
- @haadcode
- @victorbjelkholm
- @jbenet
- @em-ly

## Agenda

- Who volunteers to take notes?
- Updates
  - Milestone - js-ipfs and js-ipfs-api bundling is DONE \o/
  - Milestone - Quick Start examples for js-ipfs and js-ipfs-api is DONE \o/
- Status: Milestone - Bitswap Complete
- Status: Milestone - Documentation of all the modules
- Let's prioritize
  - Ship this for DAppHack - https://github.com/ipld/js-ipld-dag-pb/pull/6
  - Can we also ship this? https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/610 (@haadcode)
  - victor asks if we can also ship API documentation that Friedel is working on
- Other things:
  - cbor library
    - node-cbor now has deterministic serialization and works on firefox
    - fast-cbor is fast
- Waffle time


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

Updates:
 - We've updated our roadmap
 - We've shipped 2 more milestones \o/
     - Milestone - js-ipfs and js-ipfs-api bundling is DONE \o/
      - Milestone - Quick Start examples for js-ipfs and js-ipfs-api is DONE \o/

We've got two more milestones we want to focus on. After this, most of the js team will be focused on Orbit and libp2p

- Status: Milestone - Bitswap Complete
We started the work on this a couple of weeks ago but did not make much progress because other things were prioritized. We're focused on improving the api.

- Status: Milestone - Documentation of all the modules
@dignifiedquire update:
* Pretty happy with documentation.js, tested a couple of modules to see how the output looks, the main thing left here are fixing the bugs on documentation.js that he found, and currently improving the theme that it ships. Should happen over the next week.
* Next steps: going through all of the modules and annotate them.

Q: Are we going to take the examples of the usage that exist on the readme and port it to the documentation page? The readme has a better UX, and we want to make sure that everyone has a good interaction with the documentation.
A: Still working on imrpoving documentation.js, not sure what should be kept in the readme vs. what's in the documentation. Don't want to duplicate data, and also don't want to pull everything out of the readme. Still looking for a good solution to this.

For the readme, we don't need examples and tutorials, just covering the most common things. Have it be a quick start guide.

Once we do that we'll be breaking the standard readme compatibility. 

Motion to move conversation to GitHub.

## Priorities
  - Ship this for DAppHack - https://github.com/ipld/js-ipld-dag-pb/pull/6
Needs more review! Let's try and get this done this week.
Will be doing last review tomorrow.
    
  - Can we also ship this? https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/610 (@haadcode)
Don't know if we can because this is Gavin's work, it would be great to get this in but if it's too early, let's leave it for later.
We need this in order for Orbit to be useable between different browsers.
It might not happen this week, and that's okay. Gavin emailed and said he wanted to have something ready together soon, but was unable to join the calls today.

  - victor asks if we can also ship API documentation that Friedel is working on
@dignifiedquire is going to have a lot of things done this week, but he hopes to ship the documentation generator this week. It's effectively js.doc. He's going to publish instructions tomorrow on how to test things out. And then it's just going through and adding comments and review.

- Other things:
  - cbor library
    - node-cbor now has deterministic serialization and works on firefox
    Finally works on Firefox, thanks to @victorbjelkholm!!

     - fast-cbor is fast
    @dignifiedquire has been working on a similar library that has ultra speeds!

 - Waffle.io/ipfs/js-ipfs
 It may be useful to only use the "in progress column" to make what are being worked on, to keep things clear. The goal is to show what is to clearly state what is ACTIVELY being worked. 

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
