# HTTP API Spec

** Participants:**

- @RichardLitt
- @em-ly
- @jbenet
- @Kubuxu
- @diasdavid
- @dignifiedquire
- @whyrsleeping
- @flyingzumwalt

## Notes

Author: @richardlitt

### Goals

- [ ] Creating a roadmap for the HTTP API Spec and testing
- [ ] Figure out what our priorities are for the HTTP API. 

### Actionable items:
    
- [ ] @diasdavid: Open an issue about the priorities we have for the HTTP API Testing suite, based on these notes.

### Tests

- We have a good battery of tests. But they're siloed with go-ipfs. We don't have a **simple way** to grab these tests and throw them at other APIs.
- We could grab sharness tests, make them a separate binary, and then move them to the HTTP API Spec (or somewhere else), and then use that, binary-compiled, against other impls. 
- One of the shortest paths.

- We also discussed automatically generating tests _from_ the API spec. We can then update the docs as we feel fit, and each time we change the docs, we can run this battery against the HTTP APIs. 
- The spec is generally going to be human generated. This is fine, it already exists. 

- Since we want to run against multiple languages, it would be great if we used the extant HTTP API Spec as the [source-of-truth](https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/p/5/005/064/087/2597a6f.jpg). 

- If we grab the go-ipfs batch of tests, and run them against other HTTP Apis, then we are making sure that the documentation also describes the API as it is currently.

- The fundamental version comes not only from the HTTP API Spec, but also from the core IPFS API (used to be in github.com/ipfs/specs, might still be there). 
- If people's client libraries say what versions they use, would be good. We need user feedback on versioning; going to have to be a tight loop to minimize work and maintenance. 

- TODO: Review. Getting the same API over different sockets and environments - this is brittle? We might have the same interface in terms of function calls, but what happens on the wire will be similar, but there will be nuances. Should we directly transpose, or should we have two wire formats for any sort of sockets, such as HTTP or any sort of browser madness. (_Not sure I got this, correctly_. ~ @RichardLitt). 

### Current HTTP API Implementations

_Can we list these please? I don't know all of them. ~ @RichardLitt_

List from ipfs/ipfs repo Readme:
- Go
- Java
- JS
- Python
- Scala
- Haskell
- Swift
- CommonLISP
- Rust
- Ruby
- PHP
- C#
- C/C++
- Julia
- Lua
- Erlang
- Objective C
* TBD @diasdavid 

### Migration strategies
### Notify the client lib authors


- apis:
- core-api (programmatic, abstract)
- http-api
- cli-api



Needs:
- Tests
- A way for client libraries to run different versions (semver?)
- We develop the go-ipfs library and the js-ipfs api. But we need to bring in other people in the community, and let them know that it is going to change. 
  - Would be great if all of the HTTP API clients are in our CI, so that we can test appropriately.


















