## IPFS JavaScript Implementation

#### Lead: David Dias (@diasdavid)

#### Participants

- @diasdavid

## Agenda

- Update on last week sprint (at most 10 mins)
  - interface-ipfs-core endeavour (@daviddias)
  - pull-stream migration (@dignifiedquire)
  - New files.add
  - New channel for announcing interface-ipfs-core changes https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/55
  - Captain.log https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/30#issuecomment-239642234 
- Status update on Milestone 2 https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/blob/master/ROADMAP.md
- Plan this Sprint
  - Estimate completion of last week endeavours
  - files.cat with offsets https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/348
  - ipfsd-ctl, whats left @jgantunes
  - Changelog automatic generation @dignifiedquire
    - gitcop.com & ways to validate the commit message convention
    - Maybe interesting to pay the $9/month to allow for a custom bot so that we can freely change the way things are handled
    - The do a CI status on github now which is :+1:
    - It is still pretty noisy, but haven't seen a better option yet
  - Sharness tests https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/412
  - Interop tests (challenges, how to go about it)
- Things to bikeshed
  - Do we want timeouts https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/issues/71 ? (If no, defer to milestone 4)
  - Give some <3 to https://github.com/ipfs/specs/issues/98 (@jbennet)
- js-unixfs state and js-repo state
  - what needs to happen to get back interop with 0.4.3?
    - leveldb? https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-repo/issues/21
    - https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-repo/issues/67
  - what changes need to happen for sharding? (https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-unixfs-engine/issues/45)
    - if we don't do sharding soon, we are not interoperable with the next release of go-ipfs that does sharding on protobufs (not quite, but good that you brought it up)
    - sharding before or after the move to IPLD?
  - what changes need to happen for IPLD? 

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

 - @dignifiedquire pull-stream migration update
Current stage:
First step: getting sec working \o/
Next, starting to integrate all the other suites in
 - @diasdavid Created a channel on core to announce changes and proposed changed so that people can give their feedback before it is merged. ( https://github.com/ipfs/interface-ipfs-core/issues/55)

 - New entry on Captain Log for js-ipfs (https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/30#issuecomment-239642234 )
 - Q3 Milestone 2: Update: Quality and Correctness
The last part of thes milestone: making sure that js-ipfs works. Stressful, a lot of files being requested, disappearing nodes, making sure that people don’t have to figure this stuff out by themselves when they install js-ipfs.

 - Priorities for this week:
     - Making sure test pasts
     - files.cat with offsets https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/348 work on js-ipfs and js-ipfs-api
Fake it till we make it: offsets aren't available on go-ipfs, so we're creating a work around.
go-ipfs could help by having this feature implemented now (@whyrusleeping says this should be doable)
(not as urgent anymore, can be removed from MS2)

  - ipfsd-ctl, whats left @jgantunes (unable to join because of traveling)
used to spawn deamons, @jgantunes has been working on it.
We solved the problem of package apps because now the apps will attach the binary (ex: any app that wants to use IPFS)
Missing documentation
There were a couple of requests for features
@jbenet: it would be great to have test cases for this. Test very robustly, and that it works across various types of architectures.
**Action item:** @jbenet to compile tests that it should pass and then send to @dignifiedquire

  - Changelog automatic generation @dignifiedquire
  We have to make a decision on a convention across repos to make it easy for contributors to see that their pull request has come through, and to get assigning things out and attributed.
  GitCop is still the only real solution with a CI hook to test this.
  - it has a nice status indicator
  - In additional commentary is nice (sorta)
  - We're in contact with the author to make it do what it's doing now, and he shipped it for us. If there are things we want
 - Would be nice to have a status indicator with the CI hook (like Travis) without the comments
 - Might want to look into a custom bot to manage this instead.
Other than the CI, what is missing to get it shipped:
- The validation that it does for the header is not 100% what we want it to be
- Couldn't figure out if the configuration for the WebUI even allows for what we want
- This is why paying for a custom bot would be good, incase it fails.
 - Move all conversation for this to GH :)
Next step to our goal:
- Merging the pull request
- Writing the commit messages
- We can get this done this week, but wanted to get GitCop resolved first before we start using it.

- Things to bikeshed
  - Do we want timeouts https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/issues/71 ? (If no, defer to milestone 4)
- Should we have timeouts, should go-ipfs be doing the timeouts and share through the API?
- We need to decide now if we should add this soon or if this is something that is a high priority right now.
There should always be the possibility for no time out so that requests can go through.
go-ipfs may or may not have a default timeout, @jbenet was very against it because of the delay (?)
Compromise: have no time out as a default, and have a flag to add one per request
The core should have a notion of timeout - context might be a good abstraction to use here, captures the requirement. All the requests that are made should be cancelable by the caller.
- We currently don't have cancels through the go-ipfs-api core, they can kill the connection
 - In go-ipfs this was an issue: not being able to cancel requests when they were made, wasting processing time and resources. Once cancelations were chained down, things went a lot better. Once the cancelation wiring was cancelled, it closed out all the lingering bits. 
 - Open conversation async to look at ways to do this.