## go-ipfs

#### Lead: @Kubuxu
#### Notetaker: (@RichardLitt wrote some things)

#### Participants

- @flyingzumwalt
- @kubuxu
- @dignifiedquire
- @em-ly
- @lgierth
- @RichardLitt

## Agenda

https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/milestones

https://waffle.io/ipfs/go-ipfs

Not much happened this week. 
Newest thing is the pubsub implementation. We hope for this to be our first, official impl. 

### IPLD

From the IPLD milestone: We recently merged the CID changes. Right now, we are waiting for refining the go-ipld stack. 

### Releases

Made some release candidates for go-ipfs. Might be holding off on these while @why is in Shanghai. If you're still using 0.4.2, upgrade to 0.4.3 and 0.4.4-rc. Works better, uses much less __, connectivity changes are good. Or, wait for the release. 

### Movement issues

"Cleaning up multiformats and libp2p move mess" - https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/3237

### Open PRs

There are a lot of open PRs. Some of them are in progress, some of them are waiting for author. Basically, some are blocked. A lot of these are in the "In Progress" column; it would be good to break up blocked PRs and put them elsewhere, maybe.

Waffle, by default, puts PRs "In Progress". That's not right.

### Grooming the Issues & Waffle Board
**IMPOTANT for MAINTAINERS**
We discussed ways of using the Waffle Board to guide our work and identified work to be done on grooming the issues so that the waffle board will be truly useful.  This led to some very useful discussion about the process for reviewing Issues and Pull Requests and how that process could be reflected more clearly in the Waffle Board. We also touched on the possible ways to show that an issue is **blocked**. In the stream, this discussion begins at [46m 22s](https://youtu.be/Jk2c4sxE_N4?t=46m22s) and runs for 21 minutes. This conversation also popped back up in the js-ipfs call.

## Actionables

- [x] @flyingzumwalt: Write up a summary of this discussion

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
