## libp2p

#### Lead: David Dias (@diasdavid)
#### Notes: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

- @diasdavid
- @dignifiedquire
- @jbenet
- @RichardLitt
- @whyrusleeping
- @em-ly

## Agenda

- Update on last week sprint (at most 10 mins)
- Next
  - pull-stream endeavour
  - Interop tests (idea) have a set of go-libp2p scripts we can compile and test against js-libp2p
- 1st phase run them locally (to avoid the compiled arch madness)
- 2nd phase 
- PubSub
  - Have 15 Use Cases https://github.com/libp2p/pubsub/issues/6
  - Nicola and Mikola notes
- packet size (multistream & secio overheads)

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

### Pull-stream endeavor

- @dig hasn't touched all of the modules, just the ones which are in use in swarm and js-ipfs. We'll need to touch the other ones when they're ready, anyway. All done; main issue is cleanup, docs, CR. 
- Also the webrtc one that needs to be migrated. 
- Merge all the things: http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/06/065a70a9431cbeee5164f4632964d0bc1c0e03e41ea1006a22ff2460e1ee54d2.jpg

### Interop tests

- Tests where we spawn nodes from js-ipfs and go, and use them together. We also need these for libp2p - which doesn't necessarily have a CLI available. We could make one, but that's more time. 
- An idea would be to use ghost-scripts, which brings out all the modules that are needed to build libp2p in go, and do the same thing in JS. Run the initiator in JS, the reciever in Go, and then do the reverse, and then have them do the tests together. 
- The examples we have for libp2p in go do not have examples. 
- TODO: Open an issue, and have all of the tests we want to do -testing connection, muxing, swarm, secio, etc - and have all those recipes in go so that they can be easily compiled, tested against JS, and make sure that they all work. 
- @dig: Can we compile go easily in a Chef (sp?) environment?
- Similar problem for CI, with Travis and Circle. We can have tests available locally, and then use that coverage, and tell us if go-ipfs and js-ipfs work locally. Then make sure that they can run on CI.
- @dig TeamCity would be the brilliant idea here, as we can build our own environments. The js-env would require a go compiler. 
- @jbenet: Teamcity requires maintenance from @why and other people. 
- @why: Granted, the TeamCity already has the go-compiler. 
- One of the unplanned things for this month: is patterns. How do we use libp2p in both implms? 
- Might be wise to start making docs for how these work together. 
- TODO Open an issue about docs for this
- @jbenet: Last week we highlighted reqs for Pubsub. We should have something like that? Maybe for all of libp2p. 

## Pubsub

- We need a testnet!
- @nicolag posted an issue on the status of PubSub that looks great. 
- Would be great if everyone involved in the pubsub discussion looks at libp2p/pubsub issues! 
- Still missing @mikolas notes
    
- Next thing people can do is to create a testnet harness for people to start doing this. 
- We need to figure out a way to spawn a lot of long-running nodes; hundreds, potentially THOUSANDS. Begin with your machine: "Hey, I want to spawn _n_ nodes in my machine". Part of this is to have a libp2p binary, just for pubsub. 
- On Bitswap, we have a script to generate nodes. We also have IPTB on go-ipfs land for this. We can repurpose these to spawn go-libp2p and js-libp2p nodes. 
- These nodes will have to be non-IPFS nodes. Just for pubsub. 
- You could use Kubernetes for this.
- if we don't do this beforehand, it is gonna get messy. 
- Deploying and clustering can be separated out. You need a way to control the cluster, in addition to spawning and deploying nodes. 

## TLS 1.3

@whyrusleeping: We should switch to TLS 1.3. We should do that sooner, rather than later. Secio is wasteful in bandwidth, and it makes it difficult to do a lot of things. TLS 1.3 will be more efficent than secio. For every write that is made to it, it will write a length, and a hashcheck on the end of it. 
- @jbenet; The overhead is almost the exact same, byte by byte. TLS may batch and send more, but the overhead is the same. There's a tradeoff. It's a streamcypher with auth encryption. AEAD. The bandwidth problem is fixing that bug with the ___ stuff. Don't send until you should send. I don't know the right way to do this. 

## Actionable

- [ ] @jbenet: Ask micola for notes from PubSub.
- [ ] @diasdavid open issue about docs for interop patterns.
- [ ] @diasdavid open issue about all of the tests we want to do. 
- [ ] @diasdavid: Post notes about spawning nodes for pubsub // testnet harness from notes above. 
- [ ] @whyrusleeping: Look into TLS vs Secio. See if there is a discussion and add onto it, or make a new one. 

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue






















