## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @RichardLitt

#### Participants

- @RichardLitt
- @diasDavid
- @em-ly
- @flyingzumwalt
- @dignifiedquire

## Agenda

- DHT is getting its own package (whyrusleeping)
- compreensive review of all pull-stream PRsj
- interop tests
  - Jeromy is refactoring go-libp2p to be more like js-libp2p
  - We got all the multistream stuff fixed
  - now it is just secio

## Notes

- Very similar to IPFS. We've mostly been working on interop; which means between peers, which means Secio. You can also hear about this in the js-ipfs call we recorded earlier (or in the notes for that). 
- Other thing is extracting the DHT package. George (@richardlitt: not sure on GitHub name) has been working on this, which is awesome. This'll make development on the DHT easier, and it'll make the IPNS publish tool build consistently by depending on gx packages, alone, and not on IPFS.
- Does this include IPRS?
- Nope. Just extracting the DHT code. 
- Short meeting: everyone is focused so that we ship, instead of spending a lot of energy on bikeshedding at the moment. 
- We should have interop finished today or tomorrow, depending on whether or not we can nail down what the error we are getting is. 
- Getting the interop done will mean merging all of the PRs for pull streams on js-ipfs. Also, we can get a dumb version of pubsub implemention made, that doesn't care about tree forming, but will offer the semantics people need (for instance, Orbit), and not have to rely on redis. If we do a pubsub on the network, like bitswap, then we can make Orbit and other apps better. We're more focused on building this out, than bikeshedding an interface. 
- One of the Pull Streams README could use some help, @RichardLitt.
- If you want to help out, go to the Captain.log and check the help-wanted issues. These are open, and should be well documented. 

## Actionable Items

- [ ] @whyrusleeping: drop the name of George's package into the notes here (and his name, too).
- [ ] @RichardLitt look at the Pull Streams readme PR