## Apps on IPFS

#### Lead: @VictorBjelkholm
#### Notetaker: @flyingzumwalt

#### Participants

- dokterbob
- victor
- flyingzumwalt
- hector
- david
- friedel
- kubuxu
- sidharder

## Agenda

* http://ipfs-search.com
  https://github.com/dokterbob/ipfs-search 
  Note: not sure if this is the place to share. Really curious what people think about it though. API has just launched, play with it, please! 

**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

This will be a short call b/c @haadcode is sick :-(
    
## IPFS Search: elasticsearch indexes of Files on IPFS
Website: http://ipfs-search.com
Repo: http://ipfs-search.com https://github.com/dokterbob/ipfs-search 

Motivation: It would be great to have a decentralized library/bookstore
... but you need a search index for this

Built a simple indexing engine with Apache Tika.
Sniffs chatter between IPFS nodes and indexes the info
Recently re-iplemented in go as a thin layer on top of elasticsearch
* Indexes hashes, files and directories
* Grabs content using Apache tika
* Full-text indexes text content, file/directory names, etc.

Indexer is a shell script that listens for unique hashes provided on the DHT. Uses rabbitmq to schedule & fire the indexing process.

Currently mainly interested in indexing All Files on IPFS. 
* There's not a clean way to index data. Would prefer to ignore
* Also hoping to ignore partial files
* Initially saw 200GB of traffic in/out every day

Centralized? Decentralized? Distributed?
It makes sense for a search engine to be decentralized but not distributed.  Current version is ~centralized

The source code _and the index_ are open source.

Interested in taking elasticsearch incremental snapshots of the index and publishing those on IPFS.

Question from @lgierth: are there any data structures that would support an index directly on IPFS.
* Aware that there is work in this area but haven't seen any code
* Was much easier to do this prototype with elasticsearch

Question from @victorbjelkholm: Have you built anything that checks whether content is still there?
A: Not yet. It would be great to have info about number of seeds for a hash. Currently IPFS doesn't publish that info.

Business Model
Currently the Cost/Benefit profile on this is all cost and zero income, so work is limited.

Looking for potential investors or sponsors.

##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue
