## go-ipfs

#### Lead: @Kubuxu
#### Notetaker: 

#### Participants

- __Names__

## Agenda

* Last week review
* Milestones review https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/milestones


Waffle board: https://waffle.io/ipfs/go-ipfs


**You have 30 minutes for this agenda**, 5 minutes before the meeting ends, consider moving the remaining items to a github discussion thread so that all the other sprint meetings can start in time.

## Notes

@lgierth: added gpg key, working on p2p transport
Kubu: working on private networks, milestones: most work done in p2p.
keks: found issue in ???
David: We now have something that can be published, http api. Continue the effort getting the tests. When api changes client writers can be notified.

API David: completly revamped, using api spec, hsanjuan spent 2 days trying to fix Apiary

David:  Getting a batch of tests that we can run against. All is in same repo because it makes easier to run tests. 

Kubuxu: Go http API  and core and cli not exactly matching. Can we compare to see what's changed.  Sometimes we don't no it's chagned. How do we compare so we know it's changed?   

hasnjuan: May not be safe to compare against previous interface
David: we keep forcing rpc api on http. 

Kubuxu: building a spec from api which is leaky and very complex.  Don't see how to build a concrete spec at this time.

David: If it's to complicated then we forget it and when problems come up. Need to be diligent about breaking changes.

lgierth: Don't need to specify every command. We don't need to spec everything.  Just the common baseline that everything shares

Kubuxu: Agree, It won't be clear which part is broken, the users don't care which part breaks. 

hsanjuan: some cli functionality not relevant to the core API.

Need to create an issue to summarize this issue.

https://github.com/ipfs/http-api-spec/issues/116

Need to incrementally grow, certain interface issues need to be respected.

kiks: somewhere in the http api, request body is lost, request body may not be being read.  tried blocking but it fails.

lgierth:  read the request before the response is completed


##### After sprint meeting is finished, create the respective action items on the Github sprint issue.



