# IPFS All Hands Call December 19

**Moderator:** @dignifiedquire
**Notetaker:** @sidharder 
**Attendees** 
- @dignifiedquire
- @kubuxu
- @RichardLitt
- @victorbjelkholm
- @em-ly
- @diasdavid
- @flyingzumwalt
- @sidharder
- @llopv
- @hsanjuan
- @lgierth
- @jbenet
- @keks

## Agenda

<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->

- Roll call, by [timezone from east to west](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md).
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

### Next week's call
- Next week's call takes place during Christmas holiday for some, should we change the schedule?
    - Will setup office hours call but will cancel regular scheduled calls.
    - [ ] @RichardLitt will make the issue for this, adjust calendar, and set up a scheduled zoom call
    
### @llopv's master tesis
- [@llopv's master tesis](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/221) (@llopv: @community)

### @jbenet's blocking reviews
- grab my blocking reviews (@jbenet)
    @jbenet: Please prioritize the biggest items
    
### New Call for large dataset tooling?
- add a call? large dataset tooling (@jbenet)
    - Jeromy needs to be involved.
    - Giant files initiative, add links. https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/209

<!-- Add items above this line. Use this format:
  - Item (@your_name: @target_audience)
-->

## Demos

### Kubernetes + IPFS @victor
 - @victorbjelkholm: simple tool that allows you to spin up a couple of nodes for running tests
 - Awesome!
 - @dignifiedquire: May be able to help for Op tests between JS and GO
 - @diasdavid: sign me up too :) 
 - repository: https://github.com/victorbjelkholm/kubernetes-ipfs
 - Demo test results are linked in the readme
 - here is the grafana dashboard for when @victorbjelkholm ran 100 add/cat in the demo https://snapshot.raintank.io/dashboard/snapshot/o7XegC0jsgjRDBKyy92i9tGGmSJcwasa


### IPv6 \o/ (@lgierth)
It works!
Might help with detecting connectivity issues


### Generate-hackmd-links

https://github.com/RichardLitt/generate-hackmd-links (@RichardLitt)
    built a tool (markdown automation) that automatically pings hackmd and creates a link.
 
### Codecov with multiple coverage sources (@Kubuxu)
    
 - Testing coverage numbers are not so good. 
 - Relevant issue: [Switch coverage to codecov](https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/219)
 - @RichardLitt: Would like to have all repos green lighted by end of year.

### Libp2p (@victorbjelkholm)
- Must click on the sheild in top right to allow access.

- 
 https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmNqHsJNqt2ApsrbQnRqswL51yycdecTFkp4WzDNuiTGW5/ < old libp2p.io build

### @diasdavid
    - create very simple website
    - Local daemon, added file, use website to visualize content.
    - Signal server, Goal is to use IPFS as the signal server so we don't have to rely on a sigle signal server that is always on line.
    - Need to think about how we speak about signaling servers as we don't want to leave the impression that there is anything centralized.

### @pjz - pinbits.io
    - demo mode until I get payment processing working
    - plan to take bitcoin



## Moderator/notetaker for next time (Jan 2nd):
 * Moderator: @em-ly
 * Notetaker: @lgierth

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->
