# IPFS All Hands Call Feb 20

**Moderator:**  @whyrusleeping
**Notetaker:**  @dignifiedquire
**Attendees** 
* @dignifiedquire
* @flyingzumwalt
* @frankpetrilli
* @jonnycrunch
* @haadcode
* @Kubuxu
* @lgierth
* @nicola
* @RichardLitt
* @sidharder
* @victorbjelkholm
* @whyrusleeping
* @zippy314

## Agenda

- Roll call, by [timezone from east to west](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md).
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
- Upcoming Sprint: Interplanetary Test Lab (@flyingzumwalt, @whyrusleeping)
	- Sprint Issue for IP Test Lab: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/354
- Ipfs Block Api in Parity was merged: https://github.com/ethcore/parity/pull/4545 (@dignifiedquire)
- Issue Cleanup? (@victor: @all)
    - https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/239
- Documentation Sprint needs a PM
	- need a really good PM who has experience building documentation
- Demos
    - mux it (@dignifiedquire)
    - orbit WIP demo: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmbYfGVD34tM91Yu2bUDepTPb5XdB7qsR9oHhjqghwPo1e (@haadcode)

### Notes

#### Upcoming Sprint: Interplanetary Test Lab
- Starting next week
- Is @whyrusleeping able to pm this? 
- He is currently packing all his things into boxes
- Mainly flagging it here (@flyingzumwalt)
- Do the decision on PM in the prep meeting, @lgierth will handle setting up that

#### IPFS Blocks API merged into Parity (@dignifiedquire)
- merged into master https://github.com/ethcore/parity/pull/4545
- release happening soon
- will be used in Metamask

#### Issue Cleanup (@victorbjelkholm)
- lots of issues
- suggestion: take dedicated time to cleanup issues
- @whyrusleeping: yes this is needed, did this for ipfs-update recently
- @kubuxu: did this 9 month ago, not as effective as we would like to
- @whyrusleeping: let's pick some dates
- @dignifiedquire: Could go through issues at the beginning of the documentation sprint, to figure out what documentation needs to be written.
- @lgierth: against this
    - 1. Info should be known before the sprint starts
    - 2. This is a recurring task, that needs better scheduling.  
<!--- Some things are missing here, I forgot them sorry :( -->
- @lgierth: Big push is needed

#### Documentation Sprint (@flyingzumwalt)
- We need someone to PM on this, as @flyingzumwalt is very busy and doesn't feel like he has enough time to do really good job on this.
- @lgierth: Need to figure out different categories of documentation and needed tasks. 
- @whyrusleeping: possible to use ~~strikehthrough~~ instead of deleting
- @flyingzumwalt: Really need a product owner for documentation. Which makes it harder to plan this.
- @haad: Might be good to reconsider the scheduling of the sprint
- @dignifiedquire: It is very valuable to have someone dedicated to have a vision and 
- @whyrusleeping: good to have someone dedicated for this
- @lgierth: Might be good to reconsider the sprint timing. We still should do the small things that we know we need to do and know how to do.
- @flyingzumwalt: two missing roles, PM for the upcoming sprint, project owner with a vision for documentation. Everyone would still be writing documentation
- @sidharder: I could help out, but only 4-5h on this
- @flyingzumwalt: this will need more time, probably 20h for prep and 40h during the spring

#### Demos

- multiplex works between go and js https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/768 (@dignifiedquire)
- orbit is working much better now in the browser (@haadcode)
    - go try it out: https://orbit.chat (https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmbYfGVD34tM91Yu2bUDepTPb5XdB7qsR9oHhjqghwPo1e)
- private networks (@kubuxu)

# Sprint: IPFS in Web Browsers
Main Sprint issue: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/351
Waffle Board: https://waffle.io/ipfs/in-web-browsers

This morning @flyingzumwalt prioritized the waffle board, so that should give a rough sense of priorities. Mainly 
* ipfs/in-web-browsers#39
* ipfs/in-web-browsers#24 (maybe @victorbjelkholm can help with that)
* ipfs/in-web-browsers#3 (Maybe jefft0 can help with that)
* ipfs/in-web-browsers#32 - creating demos
