## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: __Name__

#### Participants

- @DavidDias
- @FrankPetrilli
- @VictorBjelkholm
- @sidharder
- @Igierth
- @dignifiedquire
- @hsanjuan
- @haadcode
- @kubuxu

## Agenda
<!-- Ensure notetaker is present before you begin -->
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

- node-webrtc broken on Ubuntu systems (https://github.com/js-platform/node-webrtc/issues/281) @victor
- webrtc offline?! @victor
- Retrospectives plan
    - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/303#issuecomment-269958510
- Retrospectives
<!-- Add items here -->

## Notes

-- node-webrtc
    - Issue is server crashes, cannot open display
    - Might be only headless, same problem on ubuntu
    - Fixing for Ubuntu might be alot of work. Need clear understanding of problem.
    - Need notes to understand the problem on ubuntu, need instructions of how to build.
    - Current problem is in the signalling server, not in js-ipfs, it's in the library we are using, an issue has been opened.
- Webrtc offline
    - when traveling, found not working when offline
    - signaling server can be an IPFS node.
- Retrospecive Review
    - pain point: how we deal with pull requests, releases, people not in sync, things broken often, think about module release process.
    - Examine what we have been doing and then agree to some improvements
    - 1 Week sprint is cool, Keep waffle up to date!!, Quick daily standups, weekly calls cool, committed to a large amount of work, finish stuff before we start new thins, backlog is getting to big. Time zones can be confusing. Better planning for the sprint calls.
    - Didn't get to do alot of work on Orbit because of surprises. Low level components updated, refactored, orbit suffered but others benefited.
    - David is cooking up an update for js-ipfs. Handled many milestones and added new milestones. We have done well as a community.
    - We shipped a good amout this quarter, the actuall planning didn't reflect what actually happened.  The planning we did was not very helpful.  Hope we get better at this this quarter.
    - don't factor in bugs enough, we need to plan for writing tests.  We actually have good tests, but we don't have enough.

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last
version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and
submitting a PR. -->
