# IPFS All Hands Call 2018-02-26

Recording: https://youtu.be/6CRue_X_IeI

- **Moderator:** @victorbjelkholm
- **Notetaker:** @Mr0grog
- **Attendees:**
  - @mkg20001
  - @Mr0grog
  - @lidel
  - @jonnycrunch
  - @b5
  - @vyzo
  - @flyingzumwalt
  - @zenground0
  - @jaycenhorton
  - @pcardune
  - @Admin-DataRoads (Jared)
  - @dryajov
  - @jaycarpenter
  - @stebalien
  - @diasdavid


## Moderator checklist

- [x] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [x] Start recording
- [x] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda

- sprint-bot currently broken, @victor is working on bringing it back (@victor, 0.5min)
- Beta Release Channel for IPFS Companion is back! [@lidel, 5min]
  - Automatic updates to the latest Beta for both Firefox and Chrome
  - Check [Release Notes for v2.2.0beta2](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/releases/tag/v2.2.0beta2)
    - New Feature: Upload files via embedded `js-ipfs`
    - New Feature: `window.ipfs` (IPFS API Proxy)
- Update from the Webinar test session (@diasdavid)
    - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/571
- Welcome new visitors!
- Restructuring these calls (@Admin-DataRoads/Jared)
  - Proposal for a new Friday 16UTC call created here, 1 comment so far: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/573
- Help wanted section? (@stebalien)
- Meetup orgs disappearing? (@victor)
    - probably missing payment for ipfs-bot account?
- Nori IPLD/GraphQL demo (@pcardune)
  - [Related Github Issues](https://github.com/ipld/ipld/issues/28)
- ...?

## Help Wanted

We've been missing a way to advertise features/bugs we'd like someone to tackle. Given that it can be a bit difficult to know how overloaded anyone is at any given time, @jbenet suggested advertising tasks we'd like someone pick up at all-hands. That's this section.

* Go
    * Switch go-libp2p to a new mdns library (https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/257).
    * Fix bugs in go-ipfs-cmds (release blocker)
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4630
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4719
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4495

## Notes

Victor: sprint-bot is broken, thought it would be easy to fix last week, but it needs to be moved to a separate server and is a bit more complicated than expected

Victor: Lidel has info on ipfs companion beta!
- New release of companion (browser extension)
- We now have a separate beta channel, so you can auto-update
    - Only Firefox & Chrome
    - Separate ID from stable release channel, so settings and everything a different
- Includes:
    - Initial stab at embedding ipfs.js, works only for uploads (uses public gateway for downloads)
    - `window.ipfs` IPFS API proxy exposed in web pages. It can proxy to either an internal or embedded IPFS node.
        - This is mainly a proof-of-concept right now
        - Has scope-based access control
- We need people to try and test it out so we get regular feedback across many platforms
- @flyingzumwalt: it would be cool to have some recommended things to try and load with this
    - Some examples in the `window.ipfs` document
    - Another effort under way to create landing page to show after extension is installed, going to try and have a reference link for how to build IPFS apps
    - May link to that landing page from settings view
    - Maybe link to peerpad

Victor: David has some info on webinars
- Tested zoom webinar feature last week
- Created a doc with some notes
    - If a non-host enters first, can they start? **No**
    - How can we have multiple hosts? **Only people with protocol.ai e-mails can be hosts**
    - Cannot have other calls on the same account while a webinar is running
    - Any host can set up the livestream; it works with a variety of services, but… if using YouTube, the person setting it up has to be a manager on the YouTube account.
    - People in webinars are "attendees" by default and they can only ask questions via chat
        - Host can promote everyone to "panelists" and then they can talk with video/audio as normal
        - Worrisome because it could be easy to forget to promote someone
- Overall, not super excited about this -- the webinar features seem like more of a barrier than a help in the end
- @jaycenhorton: would be cool to try and create something on the IPFS platform that reduces the friction
- @flyingzumwalt: when we were posting to YouTube before, only two people were doing it and the overhead was so high they eventually stopped. The webinar would at least make that simpler.
- @jonnycrunch: API looks like it can do a lot of this automatically
    - @diasdavid: you can set up YouTube automatically, but you still have to be YouTube channel manager
    - @jonnycrunch: there's also a Slack plugin that auto-creates a webinar that could help
    - @diasdavid: we are already using another tool that does something similar
- @diasdavid: to @flyingzumwalt's point, we could have a special, less trusted, shared protocol.ai account for managing webinars
- @victorbjelkholm: can we point people to an issue to discuss more? https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/571

@flyingzumwalt: New visitors introductions!
- Zane: I've been building infrastructure for a decade, have been on the fringes of content-addressable distributed data, wanted to get involved.
    - Took a few weeks to find the actual call link (it's kinda buried in the calendar)
    - Would be nice if the IRC bot sent out the link just before the meeting
- Raghav: works at Keep, big fan of libp2p
    - Found out about call through IRC
- Jack: Also at Keep in Atlanda, spending lots of time on IRC

@Jared on restructuring this call:
- New issue in the pm repo: https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/573
- Idea is to create a new call to welcome newcomers instead of changing this call
- Would choose selected items from discuss to cover in the call
- Doesn't have the permissions to set up a new regular call, so needs some help from Protocol Labs folks
- @flyingzumwalt: can @victorbjelkholm help?
    - @victorbjelkholm: not today, but can do
- Disappointed to hear webinar isn't going to work out, maybe we could find another way to live cast
- Think we need a way for people to participate anonymously; I see lots of people with cameras off on this call
- @flyingzumwalt: adding this on Friday instead of right after this call today is tough
- 8am on Friday is probably tough for a lot of people
- Lets work out timing in GitHub issue

Steven on Help Wanted
- Hard to find what you could easily help with
- Add a short "help wanted" section to this call where people can call out things that would be easy for people to tackly that they need help with
- @diasdavid: sounds great, I've heard good feedback on my use of the call for this in the past. Note this requires a lot of work on the requester's part; you have to curate what you want to ask for
    - For js-ipfs, using a waffle board for this and good labeling on Github issues has helped
    - Make sure the issues are _really_ self-explanatory
    - Also gives people a way to do this without being on the call
    - @Steven: thinking more for people who are more involved, not beginners
    - @diasdavid: Adding priority levels as labels helps
- @flyingzumwalt: two things here
    - A way to surface where help is needed; @diasdavid is saying that is better accomplished by grooming your github issues well
    - An issue of immediateness and time -- people need a space to say, synchronously, "I need help with X"
    - @steven: Yeah, I'm thinking about a request that can have an immediate response and confirmation of intent to do the work
- Current issues:
    - Switch go-libp2p to a new mdns library (https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/issues/257). Current implementation has some nastry race conditions
    - Fix bugs in go-ipfs-cmds (release blocker). Lots of little, but complicated, issues. **These are higher priority than the mdns issue; it's holding up release**
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4630
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4719
        * https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/issues/4495

Meetup Orgs Disappearing
- Received an e-mail today that several meetup groups are going to be shut down automatically
- Seems that ipfs-bot stopped running or managing those meetup accounts
- @diasdavid: I got this, too. Seems like someone may have shut down a bot account
- This is a real issue because they *actually delete* the account and it is not recoverable
- Need to act by March 8
- @diasdavid: I am super busy this week, **can someone else who has access please help?**
- @jay: I can help

IPLD/GraphQL Demo by Paul!
- Building a marketplace for buying/selling carbon removal credits
- Backing it on top of Ethereum blockchain and using IPFS for storing data that proves a given amount of carbon was removed
- Demos "minting a new CRC"
    - Creates nodes on IPFS
    - Creates an Ethereum transaction
    - Using linked data in IPFS to point to the creator for the credit
    - Shows a GraphQL query to get this info out of IPFS
        - Queries go through a Google Cloud data store rather than IPFS itself
        - Can query based on CID and certain kinds of linked sub-nodes
        - Would like to see some support for various thing in IPFS that would let us not need Google Cloud here: https://github.com/ipld/ipld/issues/28
- @flyingzumwalt: to be clear, you are writing all this to IPFS and then *also* saving it in Google Cloud so you can search it there?
    - Only writing to a local daemon for IPFS right now, need something remote that is always pinning these
- @jonnycrunch: consider using @context, similar json-ld
- @flyingzumwalt: really great to see people using IPLD like this


