# IPFS All Hands Call 23 April 2018

- **Moderator:** @lgierth
- **Notetaker:** @zenground0
- **Attendees:**
	- @lgierth
    - @lidel
    - @vyzo
    - @zenground0
    - @jonnycrunch 
    - @b5
    - @jaycarpenter
    - @djdv
    - @agata_krych
    - @mkg20001
    - @mgoelzer
    - michael
    - menachem.lazaroff
    - @travisperson
- **Recording:**

## Moderator checklist

- [X] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [X] Start recording
- [X] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._
<!-- use this format for all topics, demos, etc. that you add to the agenda: -->
- Gateway / js-ipfs might break soon (@lgierth)
	- https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/issues/120
- 0.29 js-ipfs is coming soon (@diasdavid)
  - https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/1320 (Writting in process, buts lot of new updates)

## Demos

- your demo


## Q&A, Help Wanted
_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

@b5 -- should WG updates happen here?
A: YES!


## Notes
1. Gateway may break soon (but do not fear) @lgierth
	- assumption in apps using js-ipfs that ipfs nodes that back ipfs.io are the same as the default bootstrappers
  - this assumption will soon break to scale the gateway
  - link to issue: 
 	- @diasdavid -- there is a solution in the work that has been under development for a while
  	- need peer routing. due to browser need circuit relay
    - issue on libp2p stream multiplex was causing problems with dht interop.
    - end result will be better than what we have right now: js-ipfs node in a browser connecting to any node out there
  
2. js-ipfs 0.29 coming soon! @diasdavid
 - Tomorrow - Wednesday expect the writeup (note this process should be automated)
 - lots of good stuff coming, bug fixes feats
 - hopefully next week release is out
 - @lgierth should we include delegated routing in this release?
  - @davidias yes, we should probably put it behind an experimental flag
  
3. @b5 dynamic data wg
 - WG meeting with pedro is great
 - come out on may 1st for chat if any interest
 - @lgierth: should people working on video/livetreaming be sent to that call
 	- @diasdavid: depends on type of streaming 1-many? 1-1?
  - lots of ideas here.  Could do simplest thing and send bytes over libp2p.  Could distribute load among multiple nodes (not fast enough for pure livestream).
  - @vyzo: do we want to start video streaming project?  I am interested.  Pubsub could be specialized for this purpose.
  - @victorbjelkolm tried to use pubsub for a chat-roulette like app a few months ago.  Ended up opening a libp2p stream to everyone.
  
<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and submitting a PR. -->
