# IPFS All Hands Call 2018-05-07
  
  - **Moderator:**
  - **Notetaker:** @hsanjuan
  - **Attendees:**
    - @hsanjuan
    - @djdv
    - @dryajov
    - @jaycarpenter
    - @jonnycrunch
    - @lidel
    - @michellebrous
    - @mkg20001
    - @vmx
    - @Powersource
    - @stebalien
    - @vyzo
    - @diasdavid
    - @mgoelzer
    - @alanshaw
    
## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._
<!-- use this format for all topics, demos, etc. that you add to the agenda: -->
- <Topic> (<your_name>, <estimated length in mins>)
- More Windows talk - djdv - ~5m

No mount support on windows. Not first or  third party. 2 projects attempt it but no success so far. I want to make a statement of intent that I'm going to focus on this to try to have parity with unix. I'd like to incorporate some of the stuff Alan Shaw has done with mfs. If you're interested, reach out to me.

Q: Isn't there a windows-wrapper of fuse? Dokany?

They hang when dealing with larger datasets. We'll likely want to use winfsp.

Q: Mike G. I have some experience dealing with Windows-fuse, dokany has a bunch of problems that will become obvious. Let me know if I can help.

Winfsp seems to have been born out of frustration with fundamental problems with Dokany.

Mike: Maybe we should try to improve winfsp since dokan has been crappy for 10 years.


- libp2p-nodetrust: Future Plans (@mkg20001, ~5m)
    - Slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mgOWMb2AXx07r_yaoGPLzAMl96P7Nh-bAGfPzR4LGnI/edit
    - Repo: https://github.com/mkg20001/libp2p-nodetrust

Solves the problem of decentralization in the browser. Libp2p is not decentralized in the browser: connections to bootstrap nodes and centralized methods (p2p-circuit=traffic pushed through bootstrap nodes and similar).

Websockets could be used but don't work in most websites (https). Wss? libp2p-nodetrust gets letsencrypt certificates and provides a dns2ip entry so browsers can use wss: for discovery and pubsub.

https://libp2p-nodetrust.tk/demo

Roadmap: robustness, secureness, tests, deployed on libp2p infra (libp2p.io), get it used in production.

Q: David: does this mean that we can dial to any node behind a nat, or only those listening behind wss but with a public ip address?

A: ~~Browsers~~ Desktop Nodes (not browsers) listening on a public IP address or using NAT circumvention methods.



A: Only nodes that do not run in the browser can acquire certificates.

Q: In the past there were problems where CDNs have 1 certificate and other websites where using children, and upon revocation of a cert upstream in the chain all the sites got blocked.

A: We should say that we are not responsible for what subdomains do.

Q: (jonny) any potentially malicious activity on node-trust might make the government take on the full domain.

Q: What happens with relay nodes? Would I be exposed to any bad behaviour by being an open proxy?

A: That's something that is part of p2p-circuit.

Q: In terms of circuits, there is end to end encryption so the node sitting in the middle won't see the data. It's not quite like Tor, it may be an issue, but you're not passing through any cleartext.

- IPFS Summit Planning Update (@flyingzumwalt, 5min)

Is anyone interested in being involved?
  - Jay
  - Kyle
  - etc.

-> Contact @matt and we'll be in touch.

Date: Aiming towards July 10-13th, Berlin. Still some stuff pending (hotel blocks, venue).

This is for devs, early adopters and contributors. IPFS Conf will be in November.


- RFCs and Decisions with Deadlines (@flyingzumwalt, 5min)
    - ie. [Decision about Marking GH repos deprecated](https://github.com/ipfs/docs/issues/54)

Gonna be pinging working groups captains. There's a lot going on in parallel right now and I'm not sure everyone is catching on the decisions that are happening. ie. Decision about marking Github repos deprecated.

Does anyone have thoughts about the right process to put in place so people that care about something have the opportunity to chime in?

A: (david) In js land, we typically tag those issues with "exploration" (like in a repo) and once per quarter we go over them and try to make some decisions.  Doesn't work for all decisions, but for less urgent decisions it's possible to say "here's a proposal" and eventually pick a quarterly date to review.

@matt: these should probably be RFCs. @david: yes, probably.

@dominic: email is the thing that reaches absolutely everyone (people not being 100% of the time on IRC, monday meetings etc). Maybe email is the place to bring up when we need decisions made.

@matt: github issues also show up as emails. But how do we signal about things which people should pay special attention to?

@dominic: it's easier to miss github email notifications. perhaps we can setup something that facilitates filtering these emails.

@matt: yeah, like "action required".

- Using GDoc vs. Hackmd for All Hands Notes (@flyingzumwalt, 5min)

If we use a GDoc we could have a single doc and just leave the link there. I have the impression that with a gdoc people were more active.

@Mike: For it, even though it doesn't produce markdown.
@+3 in the zoom chat
@-1 from chat: need google account to edit


- Lead Maintainers protocol is up and running (@diasdavid, 2 mins)
    - https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/1179#issuecomment-386965926
    - https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/600#issuecomment-385674334 (list of module and their lead maintainers)

Last week we started assigning lead maintainers. 41 of 70 modules have a lead maintainer now. I will be interim lead maintainer for the rest, in the interim. Thanks to everyone that stepped up!


- Welcome [silent] New People!
