# IPFS All Hands Call 22nd October

-   **Moderator:** @pkafei
-   **Notetaker:** @jacobheun
-   **Attendees:**

    -   _@alanshaw_
    -   _@jacobheun_
    -   _@eingenito_
    -   _@jonnycrunch_
    -   _@terichadbourne_
    -   _@aschmahmann_
    -   _@diasdavid_
    -   _@victorbjelkholm_
    -   _@steverichmond_
    -   _@jamiew_

## Moderator checklist

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   (David, 5 min) go-ipfs hack week recap:<https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/MmZcLINzsGbEmAIwAbmSqLrL3U6YTU8tqawC9HY-qj4/present/> 
    -   Go devs were in London for a week, it was very fruitful!
    -   Were able to come together to get a much clearer focus on short and mid term goals
        -   The OKRs got solidified, you can see them in the above link.
    -   The IPFS London meetup was great and there were some great presentations
    -   Links to the raw videos are in the cryptpad, they will get cleaned up and published, along with the London meetup videos.
    -   If there are questions about the go-ipfs priorities/roadmap or a need to coordinate with the go-ipfs team feel free to jump into our daily Monday 5pm UTC, or reach out to @eingenito on Slack or IRC, or via email at<mailto:erik.ingenito@protocol.ai>.

-   (@alanshaw, 5 mins) - JS IPFS0.33.0-rc.1 and the new Web UI
    -   Release candidate available via \`npm i -g ipfs@0.33.0-rc.1\`
    -   When ipfs starts up it will tell you the url to the webui, which you can open in the browser
    -   The web ui gives you easy access to lots of interesting info: files explorer, peers connected and many more!
    -   It would be great to have as many people as possible give the RC a spin so we can catch any issues before it is officially released!
    -   Oli would like to run some user testing on Web UI. If you’d like to volunteer, reach out to him!
        -   Molly, Erik, Portia, Ian
    -   <https://ipfs.io/ipns/webui.ipfs.io/> or visit the webui on the gateway and you can point it at your local node

-   (@pkafei, 5 min) Possibility of using more dApps in the future (as opposed to using Google Drive)
    -   Do we think we are in a position to start using more dApps in our workflows now?
        -   Would like to understand who is using the dApps we’re thinking about using and what does onboarding look like? What feature sets are we losing/gaining?
        -   Are the tools appropriate for general use in the broader community or are the best used by the IPFS team and how critical would that be?
        -   If we do this, we need to do some offline testing. We did this with PeerPad for js core meetings and we hit some roadblocks during meetings.
        -   We want to understand the benefits we’d be gaining for this. We should take this into a github issue and start having that discussion for the tools we might want to adopt. Let’s do a cost/benefit analysis of those.

-   (@steverichmond, 5 mins) Roadmaps and annual OKRs
    -   Did not get to this. Will try to move this to next week.

-   (@hsanjuan, 1 min) Twitter pinbot upgrade:<https://twitter.com/ipfspin/status/1053376847596187648>

-   (@lidel, 1 min) Brave [announced](https://brave.com/new-brave-browser-release-available-for-general-download/) first release of Chromium-based version.  
IPFS Companion works perfectly with it, so we [updated docs to officially support it](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/pull/609).  
Give it a try!
