# IPFS All Hands Call 02 April 2018

- **Moderator:** @hsanjuan
- **Notetaker:** @stebalien
- **Attendees:**
  - @hsanjuan
  - @frrist
  - @dryajov
  - @b5
  - @michellebrous
  - @flyingzumwalt
  - @pmthomps
  - @lidel
  - @Mr0grog
  - @vmx
  - @stebalien

## Moderator checklist

- [x] Ensure that there is a notetaker
- [x] Start recording
- [x] Call for additional agenda items

## Agenda
_General discussions, decisions, etc._
<!-- use this format for all topics, demos, etc. that you add to the agenda: -->
- ipfs-cluster status report (@hsanjuan, 6:32)
    - Slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cnK2-Kwd_8LYAGn_uFZkhvi0NUtdVIaQvfgAhvPFmFo/edit#slide=id.gc6fa3c898_0_10
    - new logo
    - flexible replication factor (min/max)
    - state export, import, upgrade, cleanup
    - connectivity graph
    - flags for pin add/rm status/wait
    - HTTP api over libp2p stream (authenticated using peer IDs).
    - go-ipfs
        - extract unixfs importers and dependencies
        - improve performance of repo-stat command
    - Sharding: everything done except for testing, partial pinning, and a merge to master.
    - Pinbot:
        - New 5 node x 44TB cluster
        - Switched from using the gateways
    - Welcome @lanzafame
    - Kubernetes-ipfs/IPTL has been handed off to control-plane.io
    - Next steps:
        - Finish sharding
        - Launch decentralized data stewardship WG
        - RFC for collabertive pin-sets
- 1st BiWeekly Dynamic Data WG Sync Up is tomorrow https://github.com/ipfs/dynamic-data-and-capabilities/issues/17, 2pm UTC (@diasdavid in lieson of @pgte)
    - if you can't show up, forward questions to @diasdavid (or comment on the issue)
- fixing the sprint helper (@flyingzumwalt)
    - @pgte volunteered to help


## Demos
_Show your work!_
- [ipfs-companion v2.2.0rc1](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion/releases/tag/v2.2.0rc1) (@lidel, 5min)
    - install & test it! feedback before release to stable channel is very important to us 
    - Can use embedded or external IPFS daemon.
    - Exposes a window.ipfs object to websites.
        - Can choose which origins can access which API endpoints.
        - To enable, check the box in the experimental features section of the addon's settings.
    - Can only install beta release from the project's GitHub releases page.
- Libp2p dissector for wireshark (https://github.com/mkg20001/libp2p-dissector, @mkg20001, 5min)
    - Disects libp2p protocols in wireshark.
    - Needs a lot of work, SECIO and multistream are already implemented
    - Help wanted! Especially with the muxer protocol.

## Q&A, Help Wanted
_Ask questions, get answers. Announce issues that need help, get people to help._

<!-- After each call, it is the responsibility of the notetaker to save the last version of the notes in a file in ipfs/pm/meeting-notes, by opening a branch and submitting a PR. -->
