# **IPFS All Hands Call 16 July 2018**

-   **Moderator:** @djdv
-   **Notetaker:** @jonnycrunch
-   **Attendees:**
    -   _@djdv_
    -   _@jonnycrunch_
    -   _@jaycarpenter_
    -   _@vmx_
    -   _@lidel_
    -   _@jacobheun_
    -   _@daviddias_
    -   _@alanshaw_
    -   _@travisperson_
    -   _@michellebrous_

## **Moderator checklist**

-   Ensure that there is a notetaker
-   Start recording
-   Call for additional agenda items

## **Agenda**

_General discussions, decisions, etc._

-   The Developer Meetings went great! (@flyingzumwalt => @diasdavid)
    -   We are working to post the videos of all the presentations and demos ASAP. They will be posted on YouTube
    -   There are over 2 hours of lightning demos and another 2+ hours of lightning talks. So much exciting content!


-   (@lidel) Migration to CIDv1 Base32 has a meta-issue: <https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs/issues/337>
    -   Be sure to refer to it when reporting issues related to cidv1b32

## **Demos**

_Show your work!_

_Base32 in JS IPFS by @alanshaw_
_@matt is double booked and wasn’t able to attend today_

**_NOTES_**

**Overview of the IPFS dev conference by @daviddias**

-   65 people in Berlin
-   Many, many sessions (>50) on ipfs and libp2p; deep dives, poster sessions, (>200 )lightning talks
-   Best poster award coming soon! Also best bikeshed award!
-   Videos being edited now and will be available soon on youtube likely next week or so
-   Next IPFS conference in Lisbon in November, details coming soon!
-   Will have an updated document that will outline all of the content next week.

  


**Base32 @lidel**

-   Check out the meta-issue: <https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs/issues/337> 
-   @jonnycrunch asked regarding the context and need for base32 or historical reference and the path towards submission to IETF for standardization
-   @lidel we need to make a case and have at least one major browser vendor to adopt protocol handler before submission to standardization bodies

  


**Demo from @alanshaw**

-   Would be totally rad if
-   He hacked some js, had dramatic music in background
-   Exports base 32, demo of gif
-   Hasn’t yet tried to transfer between nodes
-   Uses a flag of cdi-base, but welcomes feedback
-   Issue on github <https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs/issues/337>
