## js-ipfs

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

- @em-ly
- @diasdavid
- @dignifiedquire
- @victorbjelkholm
- @richardlitt

## Agenda

- Plan for the Week
- js-ipfs development process proposal for next quarter
- What we need to do for this quarter:
  - Finish the last miles from Q3 (current work in progress)
    - async crypto (use WebCrypto in the browser, crypto in Node.js) [MS4]
    - testing infrastructure 
     - Sharness testing
     - Interoperability tests
      - Using ipfsd-ctl
      - Using IPTB
      - Benchmarks
    - Fix bitswap implementation (support for large files and directories) 
    - js-ipfs-api
      - fix get https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/pull/384
      - LRU cache https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/pull/386
    - interface-ipfs-core
      - DHT
      - Name
  - Milestone 3 - IPLD
    - Review and integrate "awesome IPLD" PRs
  - Milestone 4 - Developer Experience
    - Documentation
      - generated API docs
      - Tutorial
      - Examples
    - Building & Bundeling
      - Simplify (out of the box
      - Optimize (for size)
      - Modularization
    - Improve & document logging options
    - js-ipfs-api
      - Replace wreck with fetch and/or stream-http
      - https
  - Milestone 5 - Routing
    - js-ipfs-dht
    - integrate with bitswap
  - Milestone 6 - Feature parity
    - mfs
    - ipns
    - HAMT (unixfs-engine)
    - ls
    - pinning
    - ping

## Notes
### WELCOME!! 
 - The objective this meeting is to write down a comprehensive list of what needs to happen to meet the milestones that we've already established
 - Several sessions will happen this week, addressing each of these milestones, and at the conclusion of these we'll have a good sense of what should happen next. 
 - Steps of the Process: Curate, polish, publish these steps

### Fundamentals

Mastering these areas will help us execute a solid Q4 schedule. These are not the main objectives, but are fundamental characteristics that we should continually improve as we continue to reach Q4 Milestones.

#### Feedback Loop Process
 - We can improve the process if we focus on getting user feedback loop
 - We've been going off of internal gut instincts, but with more people working on it, there are people with needs that alter the priorities, and we need to get better about capture that feedback and using it for our road maps.

#### Have a reliable release schedule.
It's really important to be consistent for users, and set (and meet) expectations that they have about JS working and the releases that we're working on.

#### Improve Documentation
The people want to be able to add files using go-ipfs and js-ipfs. Specs are improving, but they are still unclear and not easy to follow. Moar tutorials.

### Project Update
 - Reducing bundle size [MS4] (highly requested by users)

 - Testing infrastructure
Started, lot more to be done in Q4

 - Interoperability tests
How can we do this on the master of go-ipfs and not the latest release?
Right now there's a problem with having to change the network stack, but hopefully this will be resolved in the next Quarter.
IPTB - now that we're working on resolving Sharness testing

 - Fixing Bitswap Implementation
 We learned that our integration in JS-ipfs is not to the same level as go-IPFS. Fixes were made regarding improving that implementation, but there's more work to be done. This is one that we don't have a time estimate on how long it will take us to finish.
But! We're learning how to identify this issue and prevent it in the future, and understanding what the problem is.
@dignifiedquire - we're not 100% that this is a bug with the bitswap implementation, working on debugging it, but it might be in the network code or bitswap. This is just where we're seeing it.

js-ipfs-api
  - We need to fix get: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/pull/384 
  - LRU cache: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-api/pull/386
 - interface-ipfs-core

Milestone 3
- Review and integrate "awesome IPLD" PRs

- Milestone 4 - Developer Experience
   - We want to improve the UX for getting people to be using
   - Need to create a page of documentation of all modules
 - Building & Bundeling, reduce the bundling as much as possible.

- Milestone 5 - Routing
js-ipfs-dht is missing and it's a big issue holding us back from reaching the same level as go-ipfs 

Milestone 6 - Feature parity
 - Created last quarter, with all the rest, this will be broken into several milestones.
 - Ping has arrived \o/
 - IPNS, a lot of people have requested, not sure if there are use cases for it, but people are interested in seeing how naming works.
