## libp2p

#### Lead: @diasdavid
#### Notetaker: @em-ly

#### Participants

 - @em-ly
 - @diasdavid
 - @jbenet
 - @dignifiedquire
 - @richardlitt
 - @whyrusleeping
 - @kumavis
 - @gavinmcdermott and co.

## Agenda

- Developer UX
  - level up the project to something usable by people new to libp2p
  - interface-libp2p
    - + review interfaces
  - Tutorials
- Website
- Peer Routing and Content Routing
  - js-libp2p-dht (the go-ipfs dht)
- Relay
- QUIC
- XTP
- Improve Connectivity
- Network Lab
- ecc keys in javascript, (not clear how to do this, as library support is not very good atm) (neither openssl nor webcrypto support it today)

- improve interfaces
- developer UX (examples, usability of modules, etc)
- DHT improvements
- DHT in js
- QUIC transport ?
- XTP for other transports ?

Pubsub Testnet
- Initial `js` version is ready for use: https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-libp2p-pstn . It now has a client that: 
  * Visualizes your topology; represents the full live network event stream; shows final log dump; basic propagation stats
It has solid initial docs, and the function for connecting / modifying the testnet is clearly exposed in the `runner.js` file. Now that the basics are up, the next goal is to get people using it and get some feedback.

## Notes
### Developer UX
 - We need to write better specs. What we really need are use cases and little tools that serve as examples for people to see what it's capable of.
 - We dont have a battery of tests to prove that they follow the same interface.
 - A lot of this will be discussed throughout the week, and we need to come up with a comprehensive list of what needs to be done.
 - Website @RichardLitt doing solid work on getting this together. \o/

#### QUIC (@jbenet)
There are a number of QUIC implementation (lib-quic, extracted from chromium)
The Chrome team is working on getting websockets naturally used

### XTP
Allows you to control the transport from a process perspective. There's an interface being written right now, it will be released when @jbenet is happy with it.
It is required for us to figure this out before we go into the other transports.

### Improve Connectivity
Making sure we handle connections properly instead of just leaving a lot of connections. Currently impossible to kill connections. They keep coming back to life. Immortal connections.

### Network Lab
tl;dr having hardware to run tests. Routers, small computers, Raspberry pi, having test scripts can run on. Mesh community should be excited about these tests.
@whyrusleeping has started to dabble with hardware and getting this going, but it's a huge endeavor.
 - Whenever someone says they have nat issue, ask what kind of router they have (@lgierth)

### Multikeys
We support ECC keys now. We're not using them yet on the Go side. they're merged into the code base and will be in the 0.4.5 release.
Mediachain is using the code that we wrote for that as part of their signing library.

### Update from @gavinmcdermott
Pubsub Testnet
- Initial `js` version is ready for use: https://github.com/gavinmcdermott/js-libp2p-pstn . It now has a client that: 
  * Visualizes your topology; represents the full live network event stream; shows final log dump; basic propagation stats
It has solid initial docs, and the function for connecting / modifying the testnet is clearly exposed in the `runner.js` file. Now that the basics are up, the next goal is to get people using it and get some feedback.

### Update from @kumavis
 - Would like to move to an etherum client built on libp2p. In the mean time it would be great to take some of these test (PSTN) and create long running net work tests.
 - Want to start working on this ...but the documentation is, well. y'know.
 - Let aim to get everything unblocked by this in the next two weeks.
 MetaMask is a browser extension for adding the Ethereum Application Standard (web3.js) into your browser.
metamask: https://metamask.io/
metamask mesh testing thread: https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-plugin/issues/719

