# IPFS All Hands Call Oct 10

**Moderator:**  @flyingzumwalt
**Notetaker:**  @RichardLitt

**Attendees** 
- @victorbjelkholm
- @whyrusleeping
- @em-ly
- @RichardLit
- @flyingzumwalt
- @dignifiedquire
- @hsanjuan
- @diasdavid _when not going through customs_
- @haadcode
- @kubuxu
- @jbenet
- @lgierth

## Agenda

## Opening Items
- Roll call - see [timezone-based roll call](../admin-guides/timezone-rollcall.md) guide
- Call for additional agenda items (moderator)

## How today's calls will be structured
@flyingzumwalt

## It would be great to work on ______
Gather ideas for over-arching efforts that need attention in Q4

project repos
multiformats
org setup
documentation (api docs, etc)
tutorials & examples
community process around documentation
community process in general
ipfs blog on IPFS pages
ipfs-cluster
private networks
general API alignment between go & js

## Project showcase? (list all the projects to refresh people's minds as we go into Q4 planning)
- go-ipfs
- js-ipfs
- apis:
  - js-ipfs-api
  - go-ipfs-api
  - py-ipfs-api
- libp2p
  - go-libp2p
  - js-libp2p
- ipld
  - cid
  - go-ipld
  - js-ipld
  - py-ipld
- multiformats
  - multihash
  - multiaddr
  - multicodec
  - multicodec-packed
  - multistream
  - multibase
  - multikey
  - multigram
- orbit
  - orbit-db
  - orbit-electron
  - orbit-textui
  - orbit-ui
  - js-ipfs-log
- ipfs-gateway
- ipfs-station
- ipfs-webui
- ipfs-cluster
- distributions
- starlog
- ipscend
- infrastructure
- libp2p/xtp
- pkg mgrs
  - gx (gx-go, gx-js, gx-bin, gx-c, ...)
  - npm-on-ipfs
- project-repos

Q3 endeavors list: https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/a1cOc3rc7j

- Demos
- Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: TBD
 * Notetaker: TBD

## Notes

### project-repos
- Would be great to have more metrics
- Make it more of dashboard
- Great to be able to see projects better, and what needs to be worked on (PRs and so on)

### multiformats:
- Documentation
  - Why?
  - What problems does it solve?
- Website
- Spec

### Organizational setup
- How do we talk about our different orgs: libp2p, ipld, multiformats, ipfs, orbit (in the future)...
- How do we organize these? 
- Project Repos could be used for this, in some sense. 
- Would be great to figure out how approachable it is 
- Also applies to the js-repos, and the go repos, and our tutorials

### Documentation in general
- For people who want to contribute (developers)
- And for consumers of any particular module (users)
 - "how can I use this?"
- Is this just a problem for js-ipfs, or does this apply to go-ipfs and multiformats and so on?
- Three categories:
- Tutorial, quickstart, get a feel for how the tool works
- Guides: How do you actually build things (Not much of this; except tests in the sourcecode)
- Reference API guide, for people who know what they are trying to do, and continue working.
- Would be good to do a baseline reference first
- APIs; lots of products that have different APIs in different languages
- Good to show parity between languages, too
- Might be time to overhaul http-api-spec
- We're losing people because people can't use js-*. We need a sense of urgency here. Separate that from how we do it ideally; we need something next week.
- We need to talk about our process here
- Some of the documents can be done by deeply knowledgeable, and some by noobies (a lot of the grunt work). You can also do a partnered way of doing it.
- WTFM http://roaming-initiative.com/blog/posts/wtfm
- Needs a commitment from the maintainers, too
- If you have noobies, you have to make it very, very easy for them to help out. For instance, where do I put documentation for js-ipfs right now? 
- Might be good to improve ipfs/examples
- Might be good to write a better WTFM

### community process in general

- Give voice to the fact that we are giving a lot of thought to community process. We want more people in these calls. 
- We put out a call for this call, asking for participation; those went out a bit late. 
- We're making a shift to make it MORE open and more accessible. We're still learning. For example! We didn't know that this would require zoom for people to even watch the call. 
- We're working on it!
- We should have an issue now for talking about this. @Dignifiedquire will make an issue for this. https://github.com/ipfs/community/issues/183

### ipfs blog on IPFS pages

- Skipped for now.

### ipfs-cluster

- One of the more important things for large-scale data. As soon as you cross the 5GB boundary, this is important.
- Anyone who seriously wants to use IPFS needs this.
- We have an initial design of this going, and some amount of energy. We put some work into this last quarter. Very preliminary.
- We just need to **build** the thing. 
- There are some designs left, around the interface - porcelain to IPFS cluster. Core is done, but it needs a lot of work. 
- Could do this this quarter, but realistically is a lot.
- Would be good to figure out what is really important to do this quarter in terms of cluster: UI, for instance. 
- Not a ton of work to figure this out, but would help us down the road.
- People want to help us with this, like at ConsenSys. Just a matter of us spinning up and working on it regularly. 
- Increasing importance along with private networks. 
- . https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-cluster

### private networks

- The point of being able to set IPFS nodes that only talk to each other, or in some cases talk to the rest, but have a clear distinction - content should only be distributed between those nodes. 
- Analogous to VPNs, but think of a VPN for content. Something that a lot of our biggest users _really_ want, so that they can run their own network and not worry about the rest.
- Over time, those networks could be like VPNs today; mostly separated, but not completely hermetic. 
- The other thing is non-private networks, but on a shared key. We need to think a lot more carefully about how that would work. How does replication work. 
- In our roadmap, just doesn't have a date yet. Not directly translated ATM.
- Follow along at -- there's one issue in go-ipfs. This should be in ipfs/notes. @jbenet will pull it up and link to it in ipfs/notes.
- How many users can use this, what is the tradeoff between simple and complicated? 
- Issue for private networks, please fill out: https://github.com/ipfs/notes/issues/175


### general API alignment between go & js

- Postponed until the later calls. 

### Projects 

- Juan runs through all of the projects on ipfs/ipfs
